Numb.
Yo Ho rang a Yo Yo Ho
yo ho gay go numb your yo Yo yo yo
Yo yo
yo yo.
Well fucking freaking me out man.
No,
I'm Yo Ho.
Yo Dunkin
is challenge for his piece.
$20 billion temple secret faults India.
He's trying to manifest that shit that's trying to make it happen.
The Joe Rogan experience podcast brought to you by the fleshlight.
If you go to Joe rogan.net and click on the link for the flashlight and enter in
the code name Rogan,
you will get 15% off of the number one sex toy for men.
Dunkin.
Have you fucked one yet?
Yeah,
of course.
Okay,
good.
Hit The music pitch reasons.
Oh Shit.
Here we go.
[inaudible]
and we're back
from the depths from a very controversial podcast yesterday.
Brian Reichel.
Yeah,
very controversial.
A lot of people were upset that I cut you off a bunch of times.
Well you know,
I love y'all but y'all is the king of the ear beatings and I was just trying to
keep everything moving in retrospect.
Um,
having you on the podcast is a good idea because people will be introduced to
his work because he's got a lot of interesting research that he's done.
But,
uh,
the,
the best way to do yawns podcast is to do his podcast,
you know,
to do ours.
We try to make an entertaining with his,
I don't have a worry about it being entertaining and can just be myself and just
kick back and relax.
But when it's mine,
I feel a certain responsibility and I love yawn,
but I'll talk to him on the phone and he gives me fucking ferocious ear beatings
for row.
He called me up the other day for 20 minutes talking to me about Gordon Wasson
and how Gordon Wasson is in the CIA and he was in the CFR and you know,
and he is responsible for the whole mushroom movement and how much of it is
filled with disinformation and all these elites know about this and see,
he hits me with this,
which is,
you know,
it's kind of interesting information.
It's definitely interesting information,
but it's the way this information is distributed.
He's the reason why he's such a good researcher is because he's a kind of an
obsessed guy.
He gets nutty about shit and it's the right way to be.
If you're going to be looking up documents all day cause you are high but
fucking add out of it.
And we would just be playing video games an hour later we would totally give up.
This fucking guy is not having a TV for years,
you know,
and he's been living up in the woods.
He lives up in a cabin.
I mean he's the real deal.
You know,
he's a fascinating cat and but for an interview for a guy like tried to get them
to just hang out with us and he wanted to do a lecture,
you know,
he wanted to like go over all of his sources and cite all it.
And I understand that he's done a lot of work and he's trying to cite his
sources because a lot of that stuff,
you know,
it's very controversial.
The subject matter and people want to know that you've actually done the work
and researched,
you know,
the actual,
the actual history of a,
of what you're talking about.
But God damn,
it's hard to listen to it and a podcast when you just trying to have a
conversation with a dude.
Right.
Some people,
some people have a hard time with the concept of a conversation on the podcast,
but because it's on television or rather,
uh,
on the Internet and because it's on,
you know,
you can watch it on Ustream because it's being watched all of a sudden it
becomes like this formal thing.
You know what I'm saying?
Like it becomes like something where you're,
you know,
because so many people are there looking at it,
you want it somehow or another to be stayed and professional and respectable.
Yeah.
I think he doesn't leave that world that much.
I almost feel like that he's in it 100%.
Okay.
The fact that he over a obsesses about it and the only entertainment he has,
his maybe planking or something like that.
What does planking exactly cause I keep hearing about this planking it,
it's this weird thing,
uh,
that where you just lay and a straight stiff as a board in places like you go
outside in the middle on sunset and you just lay down on your back stiff as a
board and it almost looks like everybody knows people doing.
Yeah,
I know.
I think had a lot of people are like,
what the fuck's going on over there doing this right?
Yeah.
People I've like tried to do really crazy planking planks.
What?
Yeah,
they try to plank off of like nine storey balcony the fuck up.
Yeah.
I meant to their death.
I've seen people plank where they climb up one of those light poles in a parking
lot and lay on top of one of those and playing for a couple of hours.
Yeah.
Jesus fucking Christ would have done way to die.
Die.
I planked at that hotel the other day that last that that is your planking down
into Haiti's and just thinking about what an idiot you are.
That your last few moments as you go plunging of the sidewalk.
So dumb for an Internet joke.
Yeah.
It's just,
I don't,
I,
I guess it's,
what is it?
Is it a form of performance art or something like that or it's just,
to me what it looks like is broken people.
Like,
like if you look at a video game and there's like a glitch and there's like a
person laying sideways,
that's what I consider it as.
That's why I love it cause I'm just like,
yeah,
it's broken people,
you know,
it's,
it's like the,
our system as a is like,
you know,
it's like a lecture,
a buggy system.
It's like when we used to get those Beta releases a video games.
Yeah.
And that'd be like clipping problems where you can walk through walls and shit.
That's what it is.
Yeah,
absolutely.
I did not know about this.
There's,
there's so many goddamn people and there's so much information out there that
it's impossible to know about every fucking weird thing people are doing.
It's literally,
you think you've got a good catalog of people's behavior until you run it.
A furries.
Are you talking about?
Do you run into planking or you know,
you hear what?
Some new thing.
It's so great when you find a new thing too.
I remember when I found out about furries,
that was like the past two weeks.
You should've been here.
When I came back from Pittsburgh,
man,
there was a convention of them in Pittsburgh.
I got a lot of information.
Did you,
you say you went to the convention?
I saw them.
I didn't go to the convention.
It was coincidental that there was a UFC in town,
the furry same weekend as this big furry convention.
I think it was planned.
I think UFC fighters are,
and to know the UFC fucked up,
they had to get people's hotels way outside of the city.
It was a real pain in the ass for the fighters because,
because,
yeah,
because the furries,
I'm not bullshitting.
So the idea with furries is you're just taking on an alternate identity as a
stuffed animal or like a mascot and you don't talk.
You use grunts.
We talked about it in depth when I got back because I was so amazed that this
was a real thing and I didn't know about because I thought,
you know,
I'd heard the term furries man and it just,
it was like symbol,
a distant thing like oh you know furries.
Oh yeah,
they're under wearing rubber or something like that.
You know what I mean?
Like one of those things where you,
what?
What is that called when people are under wearing rubber,
the rubber latex and shit.
Some,
some people,
there's people that are like really into like really tight latex rubber shit.
So I thought it was kind of like that.
Just some weird freaky thing that a just a small group of people are into,
but I did not know they had their own fucking language and they have like
meetings at the meet at several times.
Do you have any shit and litter boxes and they eat food out of bowls.
Like animals,
like the deep man,
they don't wash and chase each other around like animals.
That was the weirdest thing when we were driving or watching these two people
chase each other around.
I think I was sniffing the other guys,
but I run it around trees.
I mean they're acting literally like animals.
It's so fucking strange.
I want to say planking furries.
That's what I think they should do.
They do it.
I bet if you take off the,
the mass of first,
you're going to find a planker really,
surprisingly normal group of people.
You think.
I think,
I think people,
there's a lot of people out there.
I think it's that Thoreau quote that many men live lives of quiet desperation at
the row.
So yeah.
Um,
I think there's a lot of people out there that are so disenchanted and
disenfranchised with whatever boring existence they might have stumbled into it
and are now stuck.
You know,
there's a lot of us that live like that stack and they're fucking bored man.
And they want something else.
And even if it's dressing up like a fucking mascot,
like a giant Fox and running around grunting with people,
fuck it man.
It's like at least you can be free of the programming for a little bit.
I mean,
if you're a guy who works in an office,
all right,
for eight hours a day meant this podcast is a way more accurate representation
of how most men sit around and bullshit and talk.
Then the kind of conversations you're allowed to have in the office,
right?
When you're allowed to have something,
when the office,
you have to be respectful,
you have to be business like you have to be.
And I totally appreciate it.
All that.
And if you know,
if your wife is working in some office,
you don't want cock jokes flying left and right and you know,
everybody being uncomfortable.
This one guy,
he's always telling dirty jokes and you know,
I totally get the idea of the working environment where people are,
but the idea that you have to not be you for eight hours a day,
I think he's terrible for you to like put yourself in a little box like you know
was a,
hello Mr. Johnson.
Good to see you sir.
And the one part is just being nice,
but when you want to say something fucked up,
I fucked up.
Thought crosses your head and you've got to squash that thought.
You've got to put it away like,
oh,
this person's not going to be able to handle this Joe,
or this subject is off limits.
That's not good.
Well,
no,
it's terrible for you.
It's,
and what it is is it's a,
it's a game.
It's like the office is a game and there's very specific rules where this,
and when the game starts in the beginning of the day,
there's a boss and suddenly this person who's just like you has authority over
you and can control,
basically controls your life and the food for your kids.
And so you have to speak in a certain language dictated by the corporation.
It's this terrible fucking game that people forget is a game and they begin to
think,
oh no,
this is the way you're supposed to act.
This is real life.
And that's when you get like that B of a song.
Did you ever see that B of a song,
that Bank of America Song,
do you ever see that?
And it's like somebody filmed this corporate Ma uh,
announcement of a merger between B of a and a and another bank and it's a guy
sang to youtube is one,
uh,
this song that he wrote about Bank of America.
And it is what it will make your eyeballs roll back into your head with such
existential horror.
It's seeing these brainwashing drone who's obviously spent like a week writing
the lyrics to this song and is passionately,
oh my gosh,
minutely I'm singing the lyrics to how Great Bank of America is as a
corporation.
I think we should be able to play this on the pile.
You absolutely,
I believe it was a corporate video that was made by Bank of America,
right?
That was sent out to his employees,
know it.
Somebody had a camera out during this like moment where some kiss ass who know
how to play guitar
and everybody in the audience is clearly like,
they seem uncomfortable to me.
They're just like,
oh fuck.
You know what it reminds me of?
It reminds me of a cult.
It,
it's like a cult.
The feeling there is that of a people who've gotten absorbed into a colt to,
that's the only way to put it.
It's like they believe crazy shit that is only even known by a relatively small
group of people and it's their entire lives banking the bank of America way,
the way that we do business.
He's singing about the way they do business and it's kind of obscure banking
terms in the song.
Really,
really want to hear about
it.
It sounds fucking awesome.
This can be found on youtube under bank of America's things.
Youtube is one.
I just want to say before you press play,
I'm looking forward to this almost as much.
I'm looking forward to the new Conan,
um,
some guests who have been so impressed with your results to date and they've
listened to the plans being described today and I continue to be excited about
what's going to be the card business today and beyond.
And that is Jim Dubois,
who is the consumer market exact for the Manhattan market.
What's odd?
Why would listen to all this nonsense?
Who is one of our banking center manager is a long winded fellow,
whole song together for you.
So we'll sign together for you.
Oh,
we,
we miss those guys' names,
which is probably for the best.
We don't want to diss them.
Whoa.
Is this real?
Go full screen.
Yeah,
it is.
Huh?
Oh No.
Now that we're the same.
Two great companies come together.
No
MBN.
Hey is Beagle Bay.
Oh No.
And this one bag.
One con one name that's no,
no.
Whoa.
One spirit.
We can't the Sherry
pleading a salt to highest,
eh,
by the way is also like a 40 year old bald guy that doesn't look anything like
hipness at home.
Yeah.
He's like Larry David younger brother.
Can going to do the whole thing.
Yes,
please.
Do you get that?
The cowboys,
cowboys,
all you.
Are you nervous at sea?
This is amazing.
Incredible example.
Yeah.
Or is it
Nasscom or your speed,
but he's got to bring that got coffee.
Meanwhile,
the guy's got a good voice.
He's got a real good voice.
Right.
He doesn't have a soul.
This is the kind of songs that you say when you don't have weed in your life.
When they look regularly,
piss testing,
you see this guy gets pissed tested on the regular.
This is what sobriety gets here.
He can sing.
Aw,
I can't do that.
No,
I can't sing like that.
It's great in his church choir.
I bet he kills it in the church choir.
Do you think he wants deck?
You already had it.
You come to me.
I don't know.
I feel like I feel like I'm going to be honest.
I feel like someone could,
his wife come to mainly in the field,
like there's an opening there,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Probably have.
You know he's got more,
I live in looking into this.
He's got more of a BTK killer,
right?
What is it?
A BTK killer throws on underwear.
It strangles,
boy grows on women's underwear.
Whoever.
This guy isn't it that whoever this guy is,
I'm sorry.
With dyspnea and we don't mean it,
you're really would like to do is we will offer you a hug and some weed and
you're very pixelated.
On the video.
So we're just judging by pixilations mostly.
Well,
I mean,
I don't know.
I think you got,
maybe I'm just an asphalt,
but we're totally assholes.
I don't feel empathy for that guy.
Oh,
he's just a guy now.
He's a banker.
He's got a job.
It's supporting his kids.
Listen,
satanist,
he's a member of the church.
If quote of the Corporate Church of Lucifer,
he's singing him idols.
Some devil,
I don't fuck him.
Please.
Just think of the people he's exploiting.
Just imagine working in a cubicle next to that cock sucker.
He's riding his shitty song and he's bringing you in and running it by you all.
Like,
Ooh,
hearts is Tom Fart.
You're having a smell.
That guy's this cause thing.
Emissions.
Ooh,
Ooh.
He's like,
I hate that.
I just know he torments people.
I know.
I just know he torments underlings.
That's,
and that's why I haven't no computing.
So yes,
I see.
I saw him
as like a fatherly figure in the office,
gives out a lot of hugs,
but always had a desire to be a singer.
And then this is a,
this is what he put together and then a few people,
if his office,
we're proud of them.
A bunch were very embarrassed.
It's very embarrassing and it's going to be a lot of talking behind closed
doors.
But there's a few girls,
like if you chubby secretaries,
the thought he did awesome.
Oh yeah.
I mean I,
I don't,
I,
I'm sure that there is other brainwash drones.
Carl did such an excellent job.
I really felt are higher standards coming through his songs.
He really represents the B of a higher standard.
The moment where he starts singing one day,
you know,
like coming together where he's like,
when you realize that he's really doing this is really going full of emotions
about a bank passion.
It's his life and he's,
it's his team.
Passionate about being on team B of a,
yeah,
and they made a merger.
You didn't even eat,
he gets kind of nasty later on in the song where he kind of,
this is another bank.
Wells Fargo.
No,
no.
One of the lists,
one of the lyrics is what's in your pocket.
It's not capital one.
Capital one.
How does capital one,
what'd you yeah,
fuck capitol.
Fuck all of them,
right?
Yeah.
We need a system.
I don't have a PR.
I mean,
whatever.
What the coins Bro.
Big sorta here works on online,
right?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't,
I still don't,
I don't understand what bitcoin is.
Some shit used to by dod characters online is a dod.
Nice.
So I wasn't caring.
What's dod?
Dungeons or dragons.
Like dragons.
What do they old if fucking playing dungeons and dragons.
Okay.
Hey,
let's trade coins guys.
Just bitcoin thing is a,
an online currency that they're experimenting with.
Kids are doing these days.
Yeah,
I know.
Cause it's the only way you can give money to Julian Assange just with bitcoin
and it's kind of complex.
He's so cutting edge.
I want to hang with him.
I bet he would say embarrassing shit.
The chicks though.
Julianne?
Yeah,
he'd get a little cocky.
You did.
You get a little cocky and let's say something embarrassing.
Like what?
Oh,
I dunno.
Well,
[inaudible] wants to be that guy.
You know,
he's that guy because he wants to be that guy,
you know,
I mean even his an non emotional response to everything,
stayed.
It's all calculated.
You know there's a,
this is the real Julian Assange is a video of him dancing if you ever seen it.
Yeah,
but that's what I was just thinking.
You got to see it.
Pull up the video,
pulled the video.
Juliet asage dancing.
What's he doing?
He's just a dude.
Okay.
He's dancing off freaking crazy.
And there's nothing wrong with dance and freaking crazy.
Don't get me wrong,
but when I see you do that,
I know you got some personality in there.
Yeah.
This whole,
you know,
this,
this thing that you're doing this,
this weird,
you know,
stayed response to everything and dancing.
You know,
it's like,
it's like this just chosen plain of emotionless.
You know this and now you know,
this house arrest in the hall.
I mean,
he's like,
he's that guy.
You know what I'm saying?
He's a celebrity.
No,
fuck.
Yeah,
he is.
He's giant too personal and,
and you know,
and he's doing some good things.
Don't get me wrong.
A lot of good things.
Yeah.
Not,
not criticizing any of his work.
I'm just saying it's a,
he's a character,
you know,
he's fascinating.
Well know what it is.
Is there
is a,
um,
when you,
it's the showmanship.
Yeah.
It seems kind of weird when,
when it's placed in such a close proximity to activism,
it's when it's like those two things never mix well together,
which is why anonymous is so fucking cool because they don't have,
you don't know who it is,
you never see them.
It's just this robotic voice talking and so their egos don't get into the mix
and it makes them so much more powerful than when you've got a human being and a
human being's ego and who and,
and,
and the ego when it gets put into the spotlight always is magnified.
Even if you have a very refined personality that you've been working on.
Once you get into the moral realm of things that your ego just really sticks
out.
And I think that's what you're seeing.
That's what everybody sees.
I posted is mastercard commercial.
Then you wiki leaks,
mastercard,
commercial.
I don't know if you saw it or not.
No,
it's,
it's cool.
But somebody posted on my Twitter,
they were like,
why does he always got to put his face on everything?
Why does he always have to do that?
Isn't Wiki leaks bigger than him?
Isn't the movement bigger than him?
As the mascot
said in the cult of personality days that we're living in,
I'm just gonna assume he thinks this.
I don't really know that he thinks is and the cult of personality days that we
live in today,
that maybe it would be a good thing to have a figure head.
Someone who people get attached to and follow them around and you know,
you get invested in what's going on in their life like,
or Kim Kardashians,
but for information.
Yeah,
Steve Jobs.
I think that Steve Jobs,
well,
no,
I know.
Absolutely.
I mean,
listen,
it's,
I,
I think it's a very desirable place to be.
It's,
it's for a human being.
I don't even just think that.
I think maybe he thinks it helps you think
get,
there's this,
I'm just playing devil's advocate.
No,
I know.
It does allow,
when you do have some sort of cult of celebrity type thing going on,
it does allow you to have a certain amount of guaranteed attention to a subject.
This is why I think a non of the model that anonymous is using for Hacktivism as
they call it,
is so much better than the model wiki leaks is using is because when someone
from anonymous gets arrested or they say they caught someone from anonymous,
it doesn't seem to affect anonymous at all.
If someone from supposedly from anonymous,
you know,
got caught doing some shitty thing,
it doesn't really affect anonymous because they,
no one knows how many people are in the organization.
There meaning like the people that are there are a nominee.
I'm a Nissen,
isn't it?
But yeah,
that's what's so cool about all connected.
They communicate with each other.
And when the
band,
what's your name?
Voodoo there.
I'm sure that they,
I mean obviously there's gotta be some organizing force in,
in that group,
but we don't know what it is.
And so because of that,
it makes them a million times more powerful because if one of them gets taken
out,
it's like,
think of al Qaeda,
Al Qaeda is this network of terrorists and um,
the face of al Qaeda for awhile as a Sama bin Ladin so when you have a face to
your organization,
now you've got to target and people can attack that target.
It's like when they,
now you know,
and the mainstream news,
they always say like there's a new face to al Qaeda and at some other guy and
you just feel so bad for that guy because you know he's going to get killed.
Like that guy is next to get shot by a drone or whatever.
But that weakens al Qaeda.
Al Qaeda would be so much more powerful if nobody knew who their leader was.
Right.
No,
dude,
you're giving out a good plan to the enemy right now.
The enemy.
Yeah.
Right.
The bank and ruin our way of life.
Yeah.
Like al Qaeda,
I bet.
Allocate it tunes into the Joe Rogan experience.
They never know bro.
We're in a national son.
I got downloads from New Zealand.
Holla at your boy.
You know this man,
they're pretty smart.
Maybe they just put these like figureheads out there just for like just for fun.
Maybe bin Ladin was just like at somebody's maintenance guy and they're like,
hey,
would you mind playing the part of the leader of my organization?
Who knows?
The problem I had,
by the way,
going back to the Bitcoin,
the problem I have with Bitcoin is that I heard that recently it was actually
hacked and so that's just right there.
It shows you that you don't want your,
you wouldn't be able to have your currency in your hand.
While it's great in theory and everything like that,
it's,
it's still like,
do you,
are you going to invest in Bitcoin or you're going to put really real money in
the vague bitcoin and actually that's a gamble.
Well,
right now I think there's,
there's no real way to completely secure anything.
Right,
right.
You mean the hackers eventually figure out almost anything if there wasn't any,
is there weren't any criminal penalties for hacking into systems?
Imagine what more that would accomplish if we didn't arrest the best ones.
You know,
I mean like get him jobs,
get a job,
but you're now CEO of Facebook minute character.
He got arrested,
legit and when he got out he wasn't even allowed to go online for a certain
amount of time.
That would suck.
You detach yourself from the,
the cultural experience.
How do they make sure you're not going online though?
How do they keep you from doing that?
It's a good question.
I Dunno.
They might just say it and if they find evidence that you did during your
violation of parole,
they probably put a chip in.
Yeah.
Oh,
you're a hacker while you get this chip.
A chicken dog.
Like a dog.
Yeah,
it's,
I could follow you around.
Yeah,
I bet.
If some people,
if you ask them that you want to be let out early and you have a chip that you
keep for the rest of your life,
we'll let you out a year early and put this chip in there and keep it for the
rest of your life so they always know where you are.
A lot of people would say,
okay,
yeah,
but whole fucking year out of jail.
But people would just cut that chip out.
So you have to put it somewhere like inside your penis,
your penis.
Cause he wouldn't fucking try this dude's,
it would peel open their declicker catfish that would open the deck up like a
cat first.
Try to find,
I don't think they're not,
go go to BME.
Go to the body modification.
Extreme.
Yeah.
Fucking this dude's do all kinds of horrible shit to the decks.
There's dudes that there a guy out there somewhere.
If uh,
if uh,
you came up to him and go,
hey man,
I want to eat your cock,
put it on a hot dog roll for me.
Chop it off.
This guys that would chop off their jacket put out just because that's the
ultimate,
I don't give a fuck move.
You want to go hardcore on me,
I'll go hardcore for you.
You know,
if you're working or rather you show up and there's a a bar and the guy who was
working as nose rings and lip rings and his ears are stretched out and he's got
a tattoo on his face and he's got,
I don't know.
But if you saw that guy with all knows things and ear things and lift things and
he said chop it,
took off and put it on a bun from me,
he might go,
yeah batch.
He might just slice off his cock for you.
Then you're back to hacking Facebook,
raise back,
back to hacking Facebook.
What do you mean?
Cause we were talking about putting the chip and the Dick.
Yeah,
well yeah you wouldn't,
you wouldn't,
you wouldn't allow that.
I heard some story about in Serbia there is this a bar that had,
was having like every week they're having to see
who would be,
who is the most bad ass.
And so they were doing stupid shit like punching each other and then burning
each other and was getting really intense.
And one of the guys said to the other guys,
like,
I'm going to go outside and I want you to cut off my fucking head.
And he went out there and the guy chops his head off.
Yeah,
I asked them to do it and it was like the ultimate,
he won basically.
Cause he went,
yeah.
Yeah,
I think it was in Serbia.
Now this,
by the way,
that story,
I did not verify
Google that one.
Let's pretend that's the one thing that I hate about Google.
I don't want to lose stories like that.
Like there's certain stories that I won't Google.
No,
no,
no.
I'm keeping that one fiction real.
It might be about Sasquatches.
I don't give a shit that one.
I'm not even googling.
Well it's like fairy tales back in the day.
Somebody told you about the legend of Johnny Appleseed and or just like I,
I have no idea to know if this is real.
So it's real to me.
Nobody thought Johnny Appleseed was real,
but you know,
apple sits real nobody son who actually was the only one I got to come out and
say that I've kind of thought Johnny Appleseed,
there's a real,
he's a real person.
It's based on historical facts as we have the documents.
Let me get my documents.
Uh,
there wasn't it,
I thought there was a guy went around.
No,
it was a real all,
I don't,
I don't think it's real,
but um,
I'm going to never look into the chop the head off story.
I can kind of see it though.
I can chop the head off stores super drunk.
You've been eating,
drinking a shitload of Serbian vodka and you probably want to end your life
anyway.
Your life sucks.
You're crazy.
It's like the ultimate,
I don't want a bunch of people every week you stabbing each other and fucking
burning each other and you're like,
let's just end this by the way,
and this and I win.
It's the ultimate like flipping over the table when you're playing cards and
you're losing,
you know,
Johnny Appleseed is real by the way.
You introduced apple trees to Ohio and Indiana and Illinois.
I don't even know what they're talking about.
[inaudible] story as to what is it,
what is the Johnny Appleseed story?
Uh,
he became an American Legion while still alive large it because,
because of his kind and generous ways,
he had great leadership in conservation and he was like,
he pretty much had,
was really important to apples and back then,
you know like a lot of people use apples were way more popular back then because
we didn't have to read those,
you know,
so he was like a pioneer for apple.
So you actually pretty much brought apples to different parts of the country
and,
Huh.
Wow.
And I know this because Ohio was one of the bigger parts that grew apples and he
brought two and stuff like that.
The name Johnny Appleseed to me sounds so cartoonish that for some reason I
always thought it was like a Disney cartoon story.
Born John Chapman,
Johnny appleseeds,
what they call it.
I'm kind of like,
cause he was like a superhero of Apple's since.
Was there ever a movie and they made a movie?
I'm sure there was.
I'm sure there were really a Johnny,
I'm sure.
Well,
he was,
became more of a legend in really boring schools and stuff like that.
You know,
whenever we talked to them,
all the legendary figures,
he is pretty fucking
boring.
I mean,
he's never wasn't exciting figure.
He went around planning APP.
Yeah.
It's like getting behind those superheroes that don't have powers.
It's like what?
Oh,
back then it was like,
wow,
you're bringing me a really good,
delicious food I've never had before.
You know,
it's great.
It becomes to your neighbor and that didn't have an apples for your first time.
Like,
Hey,
I'm so tired of eating poop and stuff.
And then they're like,
oh,
apple,
what dessert?
I'm saying what?
He's doing it
awesome.
No doubt about it.
I just didn't think it was a week.
I didn't know what the story was.
I thought it was like,
uh,
you know,
I thought it was like a Winnie the pooh thing.
Can I change the subject?
Sure,
please do.
It's cause you mentioned,
I don't know what it is about Johnny Appleseed,
man.
Fucking conversation killer.
Um,
uh,
have you,
did you order the walking dead comic books yet?
No.
I just finished the entire series.
Is that I have never gotten addicted to a comment.
I think I did when I like years and years ago.
But did you tell me this already?
Did we talk about this already?
I know somebody else did.
I,
we talked about on the phone,
right?
Because that was how long ago was this?
This is a few weeks ago.
Okay.
But might've been you.
It probably was.
Yeah,
it is the,
if you,
if you read the,
you told me about it.
I actually haven't,
I,
I forgot to download it.
So what's awesome about this series is,
and the,
in the,
um,
the,
the show is cool to the show that came on.
What was the IFC AMC,
I can't remember.
That was awesome too.
But these comics mat,
they are such an accurate portrayal of what it would be like to try to survive
during a Zombie attack with society collapsing that you become engrossed in
their struggle for survival much more than just,
you know,
zombies biting people.
It's not like a Gore novel or Gore Comic Book,
even though it is gory,
it's more of like the character arcs are so fucking cool because you just see
these different characters go from being,
you know,
thinking that they're going to get through it or things are going to end or
things are going to get better.
And then realizing that things are never going to be better.
And watching the way personalities change it kind of,
it focuses on the idea of how society collapsed.
People would go crazy pretty fucking fast.
Like there'll be some people who maintained ethics and morality,
but there'd be a lot of other people who immediately just discarded those things
and put their survival first no matter what.
And it's awesome.
It's like it's a free application too.
Is it just like the first issues is free and then you can download the APP?
Probably.
Yeah.
It's called the walking dead on the APP
story.
It's so good,
man.
I,
in the last two weeks,
I think I've spent over 200 bucks.
Serious,
serious.
I got hooked.
I couldn't stop.
So there's a lot of issues.
Yeah,
there's
bad.
I got hooked.
Stop.
It's the best it turned off.
Yeah.
If you,
you will.
It's one of the best gifts you can give yourself because it is fucking brutal.
They don't pull any,
it's just like they don't to soften anything.
There's no attempt to do the thing that movies do where it's going to,
you know,
it Kinda gets better.
There's no attempt in not,
there's no attempt at that.
It's just realistically any more about how the stories go?
Ah,
yeah.
Yeah.
That's not really a spoiler.
There's a load of issues.
Damn.
They all have like five stars.
Yeah.
Wow.
This is awesome.
Well,
is it a,
does it follow the same plot as the TV show or is it completely
different?
Uh,
it Kinda,
I mean there's,
yeah,
and the TV show and this,
I don't want a spoiler alert.
What do you say?
No,
no,
no.
I don't want to hear it.
You see the CV show?
No,
you haven't seen it.
Yeah,
I just haven't seen it all.
I've only watched one episode.
Okay.
Well then I won't say anything,
but it kind of one episode I watch and I'm like,
this show's good man.
I'm going to fucking start watching this.
And then I stopped.
It's,
it's vaguely,
it is similar.
They added some characters that are,
the comic book is more brutal a million times and really at times better.
This is a million times better.
1 million times better be in a million's a big number.
A quadrillion times better.
But is that how many Zeros?
I just looked that up.
It's like,
Oh man,
I had a hundred billions or something like that.
I just looked it up and like a thousand trillion.
Is that what it is?
It's so funny that you should ask that because I was on Wolfram Alpha yesterday
trying to calculate how much money it would take to give everyone in America $1
million.
And it was something like $1,000,000,000,000,000.
Cause I thought,
I was thinking that if we took the Forbes magazine billionaires and we took all
their money away and just gave it to everybody in the United States,
there'd be like the entire population of the United States.
It'd be happy and they'd be like 20 pissed off rich guys.
Like who cares?
But as it turns out,
it's not that much money when you break it up among all those.
Yeah.
And the real,
the real problem with given everyone $1 million is that within a week,
half of them we broke.
If you gave everyone $1 million,
like you said,
this is life.
Okay,
we are going to absolve all money and all debts and everyone on the planet is
going to get $1 million if that was the new money.
If like we've said,
we're all going to start equal and then we'll barter from there within two
months.
Should it be people that will have giant corporations where they have billions
of dollars and there would be people that were totally broke and there'd be
people sucking Dick for fucking rent money
systems.
Corolla.
Yeah.
I didn't get your break.
You caught a break.
You lucky piece of Shit fucking come after you.
And there's gonna be people that blow it all in Vegas and it's going to be
people that blow it all on fudge.
You know?
It's true.
Man that there are,
uh,
people who are just seem like,
well,
no,
it's not even that crazy.
It's like if you have a canoe and the,
the rider on the canoe or the rudder on the ship is fucked up,
the ship's going to go in circles.
That's just the way it works.
And some people,
they have this psych,
psychological rudder that's fucked up in their lives.
And so they always,
why you see people always going through the same patterns?
Like you know,
I have friends where I've watched them,
you know,
again and again and again and again basically just to repeat the identical
mistakes over and over again,
but with different variables.
But it's the same failure equation,
but they're always just plugging in the same shitty variables,
you know,
like buying a house,
buying a car without getting it checked out first.
And what do you know the car broke down and what do you know?
The car dealer won't give me any money back cause I signed a contract when I
bought the car.
Yeah.
You know,
that kind of shit was weird.
They don't fix themselves.
They keep on doing the same shit and they're not learning from their mistakes,
which seems so odd.
I know so many people like that also just blows my mind.
I think that's what Karma is.
When you know,
they talk about someone's Karma.
I think that's what it is.
It's like this series.
It's a combination of genetic factors,
the way they look,
mixing in with some thought constructs,
the way they perceive reality.
And,
and those two things kind of meet together to make them always just repeat the
same weird fucking cycle.
I can't imagine what it's like to be in the mind of a schizophrenia.
I can't imagine what it's,
what it's like to be in the minds of anyone with any like real serious,
debilitating or a disease,
mental disease.
Anything that makes you delusional or see life from a weird,
so whenever I see someone in a real bad pattern,
I,
there's parts of me that says,
well,
I wonder if they have a,
a very slight mental illness,
you know,
or a mental illness that's,
I mean,
there's gotta be grades of mental illness.
You know,
there's gotta be a spectrum from really completely bat shit,
Charles Manson too,
you know.
Whoa,
you're just a little,
you've got,
I know,
we all know people that have like a distorted perception of reality and they
twist reality up to kind of suit their purposes for the here in the now,
you know,
I think there's,
there's a spectrum of crazy and a lot of people that repeat things over and over
again and repeat it.
There's a little crazy there.
It's maybe not a lot,
but there's some crazy,
there's,
there's some disconnects,
you know?
And how does that lead into,
you know,
full blown,
completely insane,
fucking shooting up a post office?
I mean,
is it,
is it the same path or is there different paths from when the one,
you know,
the ones a few steps of crazy,
but I think a lot of us have mental illnesses.
Well,
that,
that's the concept of mental illness is all right.
Sometimes I'm skeptical about certain things that people in this society,
common mental illness,
because it gets really confusing.
Where you know,
for example,
take depression,
um,
the diagnosis of depression,
uh,
what goes along with it as a,
you know,
environmental factors are you under stress is something shitty happening in your
life.
But then also it apparently has something to do with a serotonin deficiency and
your brain.
And so you take these antidepressants and they're called serotonin uptake re
inhibitors,
and they make it so that that serotonin kind of accumulates in your brain,
it a,
um,
uh,
so that it doesn't,
so that you have more serotonin,
then you start feeling better.
Um,
and that's all based on this diagnosis of depression.
But it seems to me that there,
even the label depression is fucking up.
What it really is,
what's route,
what,
what's happening with these people is not depression.
Depression makes it sound like it's like you got a cold or poison ivy or the flu
or uh,
or,
or a rash or something like that.
I don't think that's it.
I think that depression is,
you're not interfacing with reality in the right way.
You're not seeing how beautiful reality really is.
You're not understanding the potential that you have.
And that's resulting in a,
and not wanting to wake up in the morning and wanting to escape by sleeping all
the time.
So when doctors start saying,
no,
you have an endogenous depression and I'm going to prescribe to you
antidepressants.
It's like they're avoiding the real thing that's happening.
Not now.
People who are on antidepressants,
if it's helping you,
it's great.
But I think that in a way,
well,
I'll just admit it.
I was on antidepressants once when I was in college.
I got on antidepressants and because I was fucking depressed,
obviously
I fucking hated life.
Everything.
I mean,
it was worse than hating life.
It was like I couldn't feel anything.
I literally could like feel no emotion.
Was it because of a girl or was it because of a reason of any kind?
You know?
Uh,
I don't think it was because of a girl and I'm sh definitely it was because of
her or reason.
And you know,
I don't know how deep I want to get,
get into that,
but I'm sure it has a lot to do with like family shit.
And just the model that I grew up in and not understanding,
um,
you know,
not understanding a lot of the stuff that I understand now,
things just seem kind of grim beyond grim.
So they put me on a future scene,
grim or life,
not even,
you don't even,
you don't even enjoy your life.
It's like when somebody puts a rubber band around your finger and you can't feel
it.
It's like somebody has done that to your instincts.
Before we go any further,
I just want to stop right here for a second and say,
you know that we're not passing any judgment on how your mind works and no,
no one can ever say what's going on in this person's mind.
I don't know.
I mean,
I have a thyroid problem and I take a,
I take thyroid pills for it.
It's called a hypothyroidism.
It's genetic,
it's runs in my family.
My mother has it.
Um,
so there's a part of me that doesn't work right.
How do we know?
I don't know how your brain works.
There could be a part of your brain that's not working correctly and
supplementing it with certain chemicals that they treat antidepressants with
could help you.
So the idea that we're saying that everyone is depressed for the same reasons I
think we should write and no careful about that.
Sure.
I didn't,
I,
I'm sorry if it's no,
but you're talking from your own personal experience,
which is,
it's true for you,
but I know people who need it.
I know,
I know quite a few people who it's changed life.
So I don't know how his brain works.
I would like to be him for a day.
I'd like to figure out what the fuck that's all about.
I would like for you to be me for a day and figure out what the fuck this is all
about.
You know,
I think,
um,
I was trying to,
you know,
in part our,
our,
our thoughts on antidepressants,
it's very easy to say,
you got to pull up your fucking boots and you know,
tighten that belt and fucking get to work and stop being such a pussy.
And I think there's,
there's some people,
there's a legit chemical issue is an imbalance.
Well,
I'll tell,
I'll tell you what I did.
Well,
I was on the shit called,
so loft,
right?
Couldn't come it like made it to the eye,
couldn't fucking calm.
That's the shit that Phil Hartman's wife was on,
which killed him.
I didn't know that they want a lawsuit.
I don't know how much one or they got,
but she was on Zoloft and cocaine apparently,
which makes you completely crazy.
Zoloft and cocaine together apparently incite some sort of a psychotic reaction.
Well,
what happened?
Allegedly,
I didn't know.
Dot like psychotic,
but it was definitely put me in this like,
I don't wouldn't call it a better place,
but a more tranquil place.
It was like,
there was some tranquility.
But what ended up happening is I went on like a week and a half long camping
trip out in the woods,
uh,
and just,
and,
and stop taking the antidepressants.
And it was out,
you know,
way out in the fucking woods with,
which is the coolest thing about going on a really long camping trip is no
mirrors.
You don't have a mirror to look at yourself and you forget how important mirrors
are or how like looking at yourself is this fascinating thing that people do all
day long.
That kind of,
you look at yourself to see how you look or where you're at or you look tired or
you look happier,
your hair's fucked up when that's gone,
it's awesome.
You're not looking now,
you're now the reflection is in other people.
The way that the people you're hanging out with are reacting to you.
Their reflection is in nature instead of in the mirror.
And anyway,
I like by the end of that camping trip,
I felt happy.
I felt stable and like good and like connected and the world seemed beautiful.
It was like I just needed to get outside.
I just needed to get,
get out of the environment that I was in and like be in the presence of like
real nature with like with hawks flying in the air.
I uh,
he really did.
I mean,
I don't want to say it fixed me,
but it definitely the effect of just being a nature for eight days exceeded the
effect of being on Zoloft for six months by a hundred times.
And so what I'm saying is yeah,
definitely people have,
I mean think of is the fucking very complicated computer floating around in our
skulls here.
And you can't think that everyone's computer is just going to function correctly
or there aren't going to be some wires that are mixed up.
But I,
I'm not certain that psychiatrists when they prescribed these antidepressants
are also suggesting alternate ways to live in ways that to,
and I know that some people take the antidepressants conjunction with
psychologist,
but again,
to me it seems like it,
it seems like when you go to a psychologist while you're on an antidepressant,
maybe you're distancing yourself a little bit from some emotions that you really
need to be feeling.
Some places that you really need to be.
Now I agree with you.
If you're on antidepressants out there and they're helping you keep taking the
fucking antidepressants,
but if you're on antidepressants and you just kind of feel
like you're putting a bandaid on something or Numb,
there are other ways to escape from the evil grip of depression,
which is the worst man.
I do have some like depressed friends and it's,
it's like being in a quick sand pit.
Emotionally you don't how to get the fuck out and it's a nightmare.
It's a nightmare.
But there are,
you know,
nature is a very powerful thing and we're,
that's where we're supposed to be anyway.
You know?
That's where we,
our ancestors came from and it's been a very short time that we haven't been out
there.
What do you think it is though,
that the causes people to get in that if it's not a chemical issue,
if it's a truly just a behavioral issue or a thought process issue that causes
people to become depressed and get caught in that funk,
what purpose do you think that serves?
Like why is that there?
You know,
do you look at things like that?
Like I look at addictions,
you know,
and I'm always like,
well,
why is that there?
I look at compulsive behavior.
Why,
why the fuck is that there?
There's,
there's gotta be an issue for that.
Like I think,
I mean,
but whatever,
regardless of what I think,
what do you,
why do you think that's there?
The depression.
Yeah.
Why is depression there?
Why,
why is there this,
this thing that's like a consistent thing amongst groups of people and it's,
it's very common.
Like what,
what would be the purpose of that nature?
I don't know if there's a purpose to it too,
right?
It's a symptom of the way we're living.
It's called,
there's this,
um,
uh,
idea called the gunas and it's the modes of material,
the material universe,
the uh,
in Hinduism,
in some forms of Hinduism,
in the material universe gets broken up into three forms and it gets simplified
into these three forms called the Gunas,
which is the mode of ignorance,
the mode of passion and the mode of goodness.
And so everything,
everyone is experiencing some version of these modes of being.
So these modes,
they attribute them to a certain till like,
you know,
parts of the world.
So cities are considered to be in the mode of passion.
Um,
places where things are rotting like junk heaps and places where there's a lot
of deaths are considered to be in the mode of ignorance and nature is considered
to be in the mode of goodness.
So,
uh,
there are symptoms of each of people who are in each of these modes.
So people who are in the,
uh,
mode of ignorance,
the symptoms are very similar to the symptoms of depression.
They are attract,
they sleep too much,
they sleep all the time.
They eat shitty food the way they put it.
As they eat dead,
they eat dead things.
But what that means is they eat,
they're not eating things that are good for them.
They're literally,
they're just eating things that are poison and or the way they put it as they
eat things that taste bad and make you feel bad.
That's how they say it.
Now,
the mode of passion is the symptoms of the motor passion are you want to fuck,
you want to make money.
Um,
you're out there,
you're working your Mike Tyson in his prime.
You're fucking like,
you're,
you're just fully into the universe.
And the way they put it is you eat things that taste good but that make you feel
bad is the way they put it.
So you eat like people you're drawn to like shit that like in that initially is
like rich food.
Yeah.
Rich food and stuff like that.
Or even,
you know,
experientially,
you're like doing like crazy share eating ecstasy,
you know,
that makes you feel good in the moment.
But then the end result is you kind of like are hung over for half a week.
If you take impure non pharmaceutical grade MTMA or just awesome to have then,
then uh,
the mode of goodness is,
um,
the way they put that is,
you'll,
you eat things that maybe don't taste so great initially but then make you feel
really good that are really good for you.
You know,
like,
um,
some people would say initially when you start exercising,
it's in the mode of goodness because when you are fucking convince your body to
get out of bed and go for a jog,
sometimes it's like be,
it's the best feeling on the planet.
But when you first get going,
it doesn't feel that great.
You've got to like get your body to low lumbar limber again and get out there
again.
But man,
when the afternoon rolls around after a morning run and you feel your muscles
are aching in,
your bodies are more relaxed and it's been,
you feel great.
So that's because you did something that could be considered in the mode of
goodness.
So to answer your question,
I think depression is the modern terminology for people who have gotten
themselves primarily in the mode of ignorance.
And um,
and they,
you know,
they need to,
a way to get out of the mode of ignorance is to,
um,
it sounds kind of obvious,
but to begin to engage in things that are more in the mode of passion or the
mode of goodness.
So,
you know,
people will tell you if you're feeling depressed,
go jogging,
eats,
drinks some smoothies,
take vitamin,
start taking care of your body,
clean your house.
Depressed.
People have filthy houses.
They inevitably cause they're white.
They're literally laying in dead shit.
You go to a depressed person's house and there will inevitably be rotting food
there.
They hit late,
leave rotting food out and they,
they're,
they're filthy.
And that's,
that's like what the motive ignorance is.
And the reason they're doing that is because they're avoiding taking care of
things.
They can't push themselves out of it.
Is it possible that being in a pattern like that for a certain period of time
can alter your brain chemistry to the point where it's actually measurable,
where they can say,
oh,
you have a deaf deficient,
you know,
blah,
blah.
This is part of your brain.
And it's because the real reason is because of your pattern of thinking.
But it's diagnosed as a chemical issue.
Yeah.
Just like your
pattern of eating.
If you eat certain things for a certain amount of time,
you turn it into a fatty,
you know,
it's like,
it's the same thing.
It's just a more of a probably a neurological form of that.
You know,
it's a neurological obesity.
This is where we're just guessing this is for,
you know,
this is for very specific types of mental illnesses that the types that you
know,
you feel like you had,
not for people that have some sort of a congenital issue where their brain's not
functioning correctly from the get go.
Well,
I,
I think that for people who are depressed and you have solely been listening to
a psychiatrist there prognosed they can feel like they're in a pretty dire
situation because they've been convinced that their,
their motherboard is fucked up and the only cure for his corporate created
chemicals that they have to take for the rest of their lives.
And if they get off of it,
then they get dizzy and fucked up and they'll just end up cutting their wrist.
Now I think that that's a pretty sad state of being to be in.
Where the only way that you think you can feel normal is by enjoying these,
uh,
corporate manufactured synthetic forms of happiness.
You know,
you,
that's the only way.
It's like,
imagine only being able to smell a synthetic flower smells like shitty Paris
Hilton perfumes.
Well,
I think that's what Andy,
no,
that's how you could smell flowers.
Well,
I think that's what I think that's what some antidepressants are.
I think a corporation came up with a way to cook your brain in a certain way
with these chemicals to allow you to experience a synthetic version of happiness
is opposed to an authentic version of happiness.
And I think that for many,
many,
many people who are depressed,
not antidepressants,
and perhaps this is naive and again,
if your antidepressants are really making you happy,
then you're fucking happy.
But I think that there are ways to shift your vibe,
to change your life,
to work on the different things that you,
the loose strings that are hanging out of your life and how,
and start experiencing like real happiness,
which is,
you know,
I think that's a hopeful thing to hear.
If you're super depressed,
I think you're putting down a great guy.
All I'm saying is that I don't think it applies to everyone.
And I think there are people that have a serious biochemical issue.
There are,
there are a lot of people that are your way as well though.
You know,
it's just,
you know,
some people get real sensitive about this and they're right.
You know,
some people say,
you know,
hey man,
you guys shouldn't be saying that.
You don't know what the fuck it's like,
uh,
you know,
my situation,
I'm not crazy.
I had an issue,
you know,
I'm,
I'll try to be as positive as possible,
but I have an issue.
Let me just say one more time so that I don't get like a Shitload,
a angry Facebook messages.
I am in no way advocating getting off your medication.
I'm not saying stop taking your medication,
Bro.
Just go smell a flower.
You know,
I'm not saying that at all.
I'm just saying there is hope that you don't have to pay however much you're
paying a month to take those chemicals.
I really think that there are,
um,
go there are really like common sense things that people just forget about when
they get depressed because when you're depressed you just forget it's sunlight.
Yeah,
like sunlight,
cleaning your fucking ass.
Get amazing.
Get a maid.
Just get a maid to clean your house.
If you're two down to clean your house,
just get a maid,
go,
like go find a nice library that's air conditioned and like sit in the library
and read or write while a maid cleans your house and come back to your clean
house and see how good that makes you feel.
Simple little tiny,
tiny little things that you can try that will alleviate some of the
environmental things that are keeping that the,
the depressive cycle going.
You should be a life coach.
I got a bachelor's degree in psychology,
Joe.
Yeah,
I do,
but that's,
I mean that doesn't mean anything.
That's why I always call it Dunkin for advice.
Meaningless.
Do you remember when you were dating a particular girl and she was trying to get
you to quit comedy and you're going to go work on your
phd?
I certainly do.
He should have done that.
[inaudible]
little Hobo is going to visit you in the middle of the night right now.
The next bad trip.
You have little little hope.
I was going to be there to hold your hand and take you on a walk.
Oh Man.
Yeah,
I remember.
I remember those days though.
So crazy man.
There is some part of me that like that to this day,
you know,
thinks about what,
what,
what that kind of life would be like.
Like I for that the show that I was working on for comedy central that didn't
get picked up.
Um,
I a video is hilarious by the way.
It's on the web.
The stoned ape theory.
I think people want to Google what's the best way to find that video?
Google search stoned ape theory on Youtube.
It pops up.
Does it?
Right.
A lot of,
there's a lot of articles on the stoned ape theory too,
right?
Right under you talking about the stoned ape theory on Youtube.
I see.
What's the other video you?
The body surfing one you did with Tim and Eric.
That was fucking hilarious.
That's called legend of the pipers.
The second one,
if you Google it,
there's a second one.
The second one shows a little monkey and an animation.
It's an animated says clip from comedy central's pilot,
thunder brain.
You got to see it cause it's fucking awesome.
It's really fun.
But when we are doing that,
we were
hang some B roll of,
um,
of like scientific just me,
like around super crazy scientific shit.
So we were in like a laboratory that was working on solar panels and there was a
doctor there is working on,
you know,
trying to lower the cost of producing solar panels that it becomes a feasible
option for people and we can get off our addiction to oil.
Strangely,
his study was being funded by BP,
which was really confusing to me.
Like I didn't understand that.
And,
uh,
I asked him like,
BP,
why are they trying to like get solar panels going?
Doesn't that hurt them?
And he's like,
corporations are,
there's so many different,
you know,
wings and parts of a corporation that some of them don't even agree with each
other with what they're doing.
But anyway,
uh,
I said,
wow,
man,
it must feel really good to be working on something that if you like,
figure out what you want to figure out,
it will transform the planet for the better.
And He,
like,
in all seriousness,
no hint of irony or anything.
We already looked at me and he's like,
well,
it's our sacred duty to help humanity.
And it was like,
ah,
fuck man,
that is really cool because this isn't like some book,
this guy's not bullshitting.
He's not just like,
it's some bar leaning over.
He's not on a podcast slurp and back.
Coconut waters stoned out of his mind.
He's in a laboratory fucking working on solar panels because he believes it's a
sacred duty to help humanity.
You know,
he's pushing it to the nth degree there,
you know?
And,
and I found that like,
um,
there's something about something real about it,
you know,
to this day I think,
well,
you know,
I know that standup helps people.
It makes them laugh.
And I think it's a very potent art form.
But still I think,
man,
I wonder,
you always kind of wonder like,
what if I,
what if I had become like a psychologist?
You know what if I had done that and like really gone deep into understanding
the inner workings and the mechanisms that make human beings get into these
shitty patterns.
You know what,
I maybe I would've come up with some,
some great way to help people,
you know,
something more than a joke about spraying calm on the Pentagon or like,
and I mean it's that it's,
but I do,
I really love my life.
So it's a
bad thing to,
if as long as you're enjoying yourself,
I think it's a bad thing to question.
What if,
what if,
you know what,
I'd be happier.
What if this,
what if that,
I think if you find something,
it could be anything.
But if you find something that agrees with your personality and you're
passionate about it and you pursue it,
there's,
there's goodness in that.
There's goodness,
there's certainly goodness and creating new solar panels that are more efficient
and allow us,
there's certainly goodness to get away from the grid.
And Get up,
get away from the,
the,
the need for foreign oil and all that jazz.
But there's also good in everything,
man.
There's good and being a badass soccer player,
right?
People want to watch some fucking Diego Maradona motherfucker who kicks the
Golan when,
you know,
it's not supposed to,
it's like a really close game and this fucking guy manages to wiggle through and
knock one in.
Or when someone,
you know,
some of Michael Jordan character shoots that three pointer to win the game.
And you know,
when,
when when you,
when you see things like that,
any anything,
you see what it is a beautiful painting,
whether it's,
you know,
some book that you've read that really fucking,
it was gripping,
he couldn't put it down.
All those things enhance life.
They all create energy.
They all create burst of energy.
You know what I mean?
Some definitely,
I mean,
you look in the,
the,
in terms of the greater good for humanity,
some will definitely be better.
You know,
it's much better to create a great solar panel on the right,
a Dick joke,
but,
but the,
you know,
as long as you're doing what you want to do,
that's the,
I think if we,
if there's one thing that you can harp on in this life is it don't,
don't do a bunch of shit that you don't really want to do because you're not
sure if she can do what you want to do.
Because if you do what you want to do,
it's hard and you might not make it and fuck,
man,
that's just,
you're going to live a life of second guessing and,
and failure and just,
you never got to believe in yourself.
He never got it.
You're going to know that you never went after the one thing they really,
truly wanted.
That's whether,
whether whatever the fuck it is,
man,
whether it's being a solar panel scientist or whether it's being a guy writes
fucking classical music,
whatever the fuck it is,
man,
what,
you just got to find what that thing is.
Yeah.
There's a,
um,
I always do this.
I'm sorry.
I always quote the Bhagavad Gita,
the most awesome things to quote ever.
There is a quote in the Bhagavad Gita that goes,
it's better to be an honest street sweeper,
then a dishonest king or,
and uh,
it's very dangerous to follow another man's path is what,
what it,
and so the ideas,
you know,
it just what exactly what you said.
Um,
you know,
you should do,
you should do what you're drawn to,
not what you think you should be doing.
You should do the thing that you're attracted to doing.
That's what,
that's what you're meant to.
That's who you are.
That's what you're meant to be.
You know,
if,
uh,
if you saw a dog that was trying to act like a horse,
it would be hilarious,
but it would be kind of sad and fucked up.
You know?
It's like you're,
you're supposed to be what makes a thing beautiful is when it's in its purest
form,
not when it's trying to create an alternate version of what it is.
It's like when that lady was dressing her chimp up and putting diapers on him
and shit.
And then one day just ripped her face.
I let everybody know what the fuck is up.
God,
that's so fucked up when people put lipstick on a champ.
Oh,
lots.
The champs suite,
your own Dunkin to each your own.
Unless you're drawn to putting lipstick on champion,
in which case go for it.
Yeah.
If that's your thing,
man.
Yeah.
You never know.
I think you're absolutely right though.
You got to,
you got to find it and whatever the fuck it is.
For some people though,
it's hard to find.
You're stuck in some shitty fucking town.
There's nothing to do.
Everybody around you is retarded and I was like,
this is the,
that becomes an issue.
Well,
you got to start.
You know the thing you got to start with doing,
Even if you're not a comedian,
this is the thing I realize you've got to start carrying a notebook around with
you or a little piece of whatever,
something to write your thoughts down on because throughout the day you have
really cool thoughts.
You have really interesting.
Some people don't.
Well,
I think that,
I think it's like fishing and I think that your notebook or your pad of paper as
your fishing net for thought for ideas and if you're,
if you haven't been fishing for a long time,
yeah,
you don't have a lot of ideas,
but if you just start getting in the habit of,
even if you don't think you're gonna like have amazing ideas every day,
you just have sometimes really low level idea's really simple basic ideas or
even something you needed to take care of.
If you start
writing that shit down,
uh,
then I think the bigger ideas start coming,
you know,
because we know your nets out.
That's a great point.
I like that idea.
I like the way you describe it,
that it's a net.
That sounds cool,
but let's face it,
some of those nets are going to be like mountain dew code red is good.
Sure.
Why people's Twitter feeds,
man.
Yeah.
The Twitter feed is 140 character net,
you know,
I mean there's,
there's certain people on Twitter that I just had to stop following.
I had to stop falling when I sign a hug.
If you're following me on Twitter and you see that thing that Joe Rogan daily
and people go,
Hey,
put me in your daily,
I have no say over who goes in that I don't,
this is what it is.
It's just a program that I signed up for it.
And what it basically does is I follow a lot of interesting people and Twitter
and it'll take links from their stories that they put up on Twitter and then
it'll put together like a little newspaper of the top things.
I don't know how it categorizes them.
I have no idea how it does it.
Yeah.
What people are probably saying.
No,
it's put,
when they say put you in their daily,
there is the option to put certain people in your daily so it will the same
thing.
Focus onto him.
So really?
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Oh,
so you can actually program it.
You could kind of do a little tweaks here and there like having like,
you know like group of friends that it grabs from more than other groups of
friends.
But wow.
I played around with fucking cares.
That's cool.
Yeah,
man.
I might have to look into it.
But you can't specifically pick an article or anything.
I don't think so.
And that's what sucks.
So you pick a group of friends and then you know,
Dunkin says,
Hey,
look at my penis.
You'd like to my penis.
And then it looks like you picked it out.
Yeah.
The ones where I get for Paul following Dunkin to look at my penis.
[inaudible] want people to look at my penis.
It's important to me.
But you haven't been here since then.
Anthony Wiener Guy,
he mean?
Yeah.
Anthony Lincoln.
Yeah,
we really,
I mean,
is this a real life thing or is this a movie?
It really does.
It's as,
as things go on,
you know,
the concept of life as a hologram or life is some sort of a computer simulation.
It sounds great and funny and you know,
like,
well it's crazy.
We would if,
but every now and then and the thing like this,
Anthony Wiener,
Andrew Wiener,
what was his name?
Anthony or Andrew?
Anthony.
It was Anthony,
I think it was Anthony Wiener.
Whatever the fuck his first name is,
his last names in mistaken will unmistakable,
unmistakable.
And the idea that that guy would get into some dick situation,
it almost feels like we're being fucked with it feels like a prank.
It feels like,
like as you know,
whatever the end of time rolls closer and closer.
Reality is getting so fucking weird that it almost is.
It's begging us to not take it seriously anymore.
It's almost like awesome.
It's almost like,
but have you seen Michelle Bachmann?
Do you knew who Michelle Blah.
I know about the gay Gaf.
How bout her fucking husband is gay shit,
I didn't know that dude.
Dave Foley tweeted this about Michele Bachmann's husband being this who performs
these anti gay things,
uh,
where they fix gay people.
Antigay counseling.
Always gay.
Yeah.
Oh the fuck dude.
Please pull up the guy.
Pull up,
pull up.
I think Marcus Bachmann is his name.
Allegedly homosexual.
Well,
I'll let the people decide,
but uh,
my God,
he seems gay.
Holy Shit.
He seems gay.
You know about her John Wayne Gate,
the things you do with John Wayne Gacy?
No,
she was in the town where Gacy killed a lot of people and she said something on
the lines of like,
well you know,
I believe in the words of John Wayne or I,
you know,
I believe in the spirit of John Wayne because she thought John Wayne was in that
town and didn't know is John Wayne Gacy.
He confused one of the most it seller serial killers ever with uh,
one of the most loved movie story cowboy.
And she goes,
and she was like saying that she's such an idiot cause she,
what's her deal man?
Is she running for president?
I was like,
yeah,
she is.
Yeah,
check,
check this out.
That this is from like two years ago,
right?
Is that the original thing?
Two years ago he came loose.
So his voice,
I mean it's hilarious when you hear this.
You got to hear him.
He's,
he's as gay as the day is long man.
I mean he's just as good.
Yeah.
Winning the GOP nomination.
But what about the man that's backing her,
her husband,
a doctor Marcus Bachmann is drawing heated criticism for is highly questionable
stance on homosexuality.
Just take a listen to this.
Yeah.
You have to understand barbarians need to be educated.
They need to be,
um,
disciplined.
And just because someone feels it or thinks it doesn't mean that we're supposed
to go down that road.
That's what's called the pen from nature.
And we have a responsibility as parents and as authority figures not to
encourage such,
um,
thoughts and feelings to move into the action step.
Whoa.
First of all,
the guy has this look about him like,
hi,
how about hot dog?
Yeah.
He like,
like one of those southern guys who,
uh,
owns a,
a barbecue place.
Yeah.
He's got like sat face and it's slippery.
He looks like the guy's always sweating.
Like everywhere he goes,
he's like,
there's a munch or going to his head.
Hope nobody knows I'm gay.
I hope nobody knows I'm gay.
I hope nobody knows I'm gay and it's causing him to pee profusely.
Sweat Rosie sweaty all the time.
He's like shiny.
And every picture you see of him,
he's like shiny and sweaty.
It sounds like a key.
Sounds like a disciplinary and like he sounds like he would be into like bald
head butt plugs and like really like cause he's talking about educating
barbarians and disciplining people as,
I would love to see what techniques you use.
[inaudible] his calling.
He's calling gay dudes barbarians.
You are a barbarian and let me tell you my friend all the way they were going to
get your desire for cock out of you is by putting as many Cox into your mouth as
we can.
Yeah,
yeah.
Those guys are fucked up man.
Of those guys.
You know there was this,
this kid just committed suicide.
You know about that story.
This kid committed suicide.
He was going through one of these anti gay programs that these sadomasochistic
Christian freaks or ramble through,
but he killed himself.
He committed suicide and they caught up with a doctor who had been behind the
study.
Exact same thing.
Or is it doctor was clearly gay.
This is a doctor that had an ad,
a escort who they caught him with in Europe.
Who this guy who he said he just hired to carry his bags.
Oh,
I remember that guy.
Yeah.
He's like one of these mad scientists who are like super oppressed homosexuals
and it's coming out in the form of trying to transform gay kids into straight
kid.
Took a gay hustle with him on vacation.
Yes.
To carry blood carries luggage.
Yeah.
Would you see the Bruno movie?
Remember Bruna?
They had,
they went to that guy that didn't see Bruno.
You.
You never saw fucking Bruno Bruno.
I have it on DVD.
Oh,
you got it there.
They went to one of these guys that turns around and he is like Super Gay.
You can tell the guys like now that's debts wouldn't be the,
you know,
like it's just exactly looks gay.
Axa Gay
counselors this,
they're just trolling.
They're just looking for Dick.
That's all they are and they get together.
They get to figure all these guys are gay too.
Everybody just shuts up and counsel each other and suck each other's cocks and
yeah,
just go about your business.
Yeah,
they stumble.
That's how they think of it when they up Shane.
That I did it again.
Dale's coming home.
I couldn't wait.
I,
I sucked at [inaudible] home.
Don't worry about it.
You're still with the Lord and you still want the Lord.
What about my cock?
You suck.
That guy's cocky.
Let's talk more.
I call it.
I mean,
it's a,
that's a fuck.
Talk about a weird job.
That's a weird job.
It'd be up to be a gay guy.
And
why is there so much sustain for homosexual people?
That's the real question.
What is it?
Is it a fear that you're one too?
Is it,
I mean,
what,
what the F I grew up around gay people.
I grew up in San Francisco from the time I was seven until I was 11 I was
constantly around gay people.
My neighbors were gay and flamboyant,
you know,
to me it was normal.
It was just,
yeah,
it was just,
just,
they're just different,
you know,
it's a different thing.
I don't get where the hate comes from.
I don't understand it.
It doesn't make sense.
I don't think there's anything wrong with making fun of them.
Cause I think they're funny and I think you should be able to make fun of
everything.
Everything is funny.
I'm funny.
You're funny.
We're all stupid.
We're all do dumb shit and that shit should be made fun of,
you know,
so Gabe,
you ball or not off limits when it comes to humor,
but the hate,
where the fuck is it coming from?
Is it a,
is it a war,
a fear that you're one of them as well?
What is it?
Ah,
I mean I think it's primarily a result of,
uh,
people who are in fucked up Christian cults is what I think it is.
I think these people have been conditioned from when they were a child to have
these bizarre oppressed libidos that have their roots in some kind of terrible
interpretation of the New Testament.
And,
and that ends up coming out with seeing,
you know,
a gay people is an abomination because of the story of Sodom and Gomorrah.
Look at what God did.
Sodom and Gomorrah,
he's like 5,000
years ago,
10,000 years ago,
they all had their Andy Dicks.
They all had like gay dudes are just completely out of control,
just grabbing Cox and pissing on police officers and shit.
It was just like that was,
that was the norm when it came to gay dudes and that was only a few Andy Dicks.
Right.
That's nice.
A few leftover.
I mean the truth is if you look up,
uh,
you know,
read Socrates,
those guys were all fucking gay as fuck.
They were all gay and,
and so I think more likely what it is.
Is that right?
Um,
when I story and say that they're gay or would historians say that the times
were different and that heterosexual men had sex with boys on a regular basis
back then?
I think they would say that.
All right,
well,
I mean you call it whatever you want.
They were Gung Ho,
whatever you want,
you get all those Romans were gay.
Do you think there was just like when the Romans were fucking young boys and w
so let's say I said to you,
Joe,
yesterday I had sex with four teenage boys.
What would you think I was?
I would say,
well you were experimenting because as far as I know you weren't gay until
today.
You got any drawings of it and give you one day free pass and queer them?
Well,
I think,
I think it,
it's just that it at the time,
at that time then it just wasn't,
it was considered like a fetish.
Well,
here's the question.
When when guys go to jail and they're in jail for a long time,
they have sex with men.
Are they gained,
did they become gay if they weren't gay before they went in?
Are they gay now
forever.
So what's,
so what's gay?
Is Gay being attracted to guys?
Is that what gave you this as the question?
Is it a guy who has sex with guys or is it a guy who's actually attracted to
guys?
Like what if you're a gay porn starting like,
I'm like,
whatever I want to fuck wait,
go ahead.
Yeah.
Gimme that Shrek.
There's been a lot of those guys.
By the way,
the claim straight,
you know,
there was a fucking VH one special on one guy.
There was a special,
and I believe it was VH one,
but it was one of those cable channels where it's like real fast cuts back and
forth.
Can I remember one of them,
the guy looks at the camera and goes,
anal sex is the bomb.
And the guy was straight and he had a girlfriend and the him and his girlfriend.
I mean it could have been a gigantic troll,
but it didn't seem like a troll.
It seemed like she really believed that he was straight and he was just doing
this for the money and you know,
and he's like,
my girlfriend,
she was like that.
I do it,
but the money's awesome,
so I just do it,
you know,
but I'm not gay.
And then he seen him in the scene going,
anal sex is the bomb.
And you're like,
Whoa,
what?
What?
What does it go?
Well that guy's gay guys in denial and he's using that jobs and excuse to bang
dudes.
But if you go to jail and you have sex with a guy,
are you gay forever?
No,
I think that's desperation.
I think if you,
if you were in there for life and you start getting fucked and stuff like that
and start acting gay and stuff,
I think that's just desperation.
But if you take fucking the hottest chicken the road,
put them in the room with that guy,
that guy will still go,
holy shit,
I can't wait to fuck.
You know,
like,
I think you'd be immediately fucking that girl with,
you know,
where a gay person be like,
Ooh,
boobies.
There was this anthropologist and my college is your amazing way of describing
it.
Yeah.
There's this in my college who was talking about how in some parts of the world
being gay means that you are the one receiving the cock.
So if you're like having anal sex with,
like if you're penetrating someone,
you're strict,
as long as you're penetrating,
whatever it is,
you're penetrating,
whether it's,
um,
a,
a vagina or a brown vagina,
your still straight.
But if you're,
if you're being penetrated,
then you're gay.
If you're taking the submissive position,
Wow.
So there's,
there's a lot of different cultural,
it's a,
it's,
I think it's,
uh,
it's a,
it has a lot to do with the culture and I think our culture is possibly one of
the most sexually repressed cultures out there.
We are fucked up,
man.
We,
people get so weird about sex in our culture.
They're just,
they get creepy and weird and they start acting strange.
Like what?
Remember that show?
Real sex.
Yeah.
And you see these people,
whatever it is that they're into,
whatever they're talking about,
whenever sex comes up,
they get real fucking squirmy and weird.
And like,
we don't t the way we teach it in schools is really fucked up.
And you're not,
I've got this book that I just bought called,
uh,
shit,
I can't remember,
but it's this assemblage of all these,
uh,
articles on sex from the 18 hundreds.
And it's like serious articles on masturbation and how to keep your kid from
jerking off because it drives you insane is what they used to say.
If you masturbated too many times it would send you on this downward spiral that
would just end in complete insanity.
And that was like in the 18 hundreds that wasn't that long ago.
And that's because our,
you know,
our culture has its roots in the Protestants who are these who came from England
with the idea of worshiping God in a pure environment and the way that they were
thought that you were supposed to worship God was in this bizarre sexually
repressed,
whipping yourself in the back,
super monogamy you,
you,
if you did have sex,
it should be really quick.
Get it over with fast,
don't enjoy it,
don't enjoy sex.
It's evil and bad.
And so the whole reproductive cycle got this awful taboo attached to it and
that's what we're the descendants of.
So now people are going like running in the opposite direction,
you know,
and doing crazy shit like,
dressing an animal,
costumes and fucking dolls or whatever.
But it's all,
I think it's all at all a result of like awful sexual repression because someone
who isn't sexually repressed is not going to be able to hate a gate.
It's amazing the idea that something that happened just you know,
300,
400 years ago,
whatever it was and the first settlers arrived.
That's something that happened back then.
Like the,
that attitude that,
that,
that beginning of pattern of behavior could manifest itself in 2011.
It's kind of crazy.
We get,
it's obvious that other things have adopted it along the way like corporations
because they found that if you have this pure tin,
you know,
like you know,
no swearing and no sex.
If you,
if you have it too,
you know,
you have that to a certain extent.
You can kind of,
uh,
you know,
you make yourself look better.
It makes it look nicer and cleaner and you know,
it's like all having its roots in that original thing.
Well it's like,
yeah,
it's,
it's got,
it's all got its roots in that.
It's like if you go to,
I know you've never gone to a strip club,
but if you go,
I'm just kidding.
If you go to a strip club,
the energy in a strip club is always dark.
Like it's a dark place.
Yeah.
And it's,
you're in there.
It's kind of like hiding,
hiding in the dark as you watched the naked form.
It's like what the fuck?
Why is it set up like that?
Why is it set up like your urine?
Some Dank cave.
My boner.
You've got to hide.
Yeah.
Like why is it like that?
It's because it's still,
we're still sexually repressed and look at,
look at guys at a strip club,
look at the mode they go into.
It's not like guys go there and suddenly they like are feeling free,
if you will.
It's one of my favorite things in this drip club.
It's so fucking funny to watch some dudes getting a lap dance cause they try to
not have any facial expression.
Have you ever seen that?
What is that?
Where their face freezes like in this bizarre paralyzed coma.
They're almost trying to act like they're used to it.
Oh yeah.
Naked girls are always grinding against me while I drink a Budweiser and their
phases are frozen.
It's hilarious.
It's like react to that shit,
man.
You've got a super hot girl with breast implants rubbing against you.
Why are you in an emotional coma right now to exactly why?
Why the other people watching?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
You don't want us,
you know what the fuck the environment is is unnatural as humanly possible,
right?
You put a guy in a warehouse with a bunch of other guys with folding chairs and
girls sitting on people's laps and you know everything else,
the bar.
And I love it.
I mean,
what,
what is it?
It's,
it's a fucking,
it's a little room.
It's a room where people are unnaturally sitting on other people's labs for
money and you feel like a fucking Weirdo,
you know,
club cause should be like a back of the seven 11.
They should just look like one what,
you know,
like,
she'd be like creepy places like that,
you know,
like,
like private little,
oh wait,
it's like a van.
Oh yeah,
well then
girl,
the problem is the girl has to worry about safety.
You know,
you can't think,
look,
the whole idea of a strip club was kind of a,
it's kind of a crazy idea.
You know you're going to go in there,
especially if you're actually going to touch the guys.
It used to be they were just allowed to do table dances.
But uh,
you know,
Eddie Bravo has a great story about the progression of the lap dance about
starting out in a,
in a strip club where there wasn't a lap dancing and then all of a sudden
they're allow lap dancing and how everything changed.
And one girl was the only girl was willing to do it.
The first day of their goals were like,
fuck that,
I'm not doing it.
But this one girl just meet,
I'll fuck load of money.
And the next day they,
all of the rest of them were doing it too.
It was like sprinkling here and there.
Once you enter into that sort of a situation,
I mean you,
you got a naked girl who's rubbing up against a guy and it's every instinct
is to fucker,
you know,
and especially to a lot of these guys,
some of these girls are hot as shit and then they would never get this girl in
real life and all of a sudden this girl was touching them and actually rubbing
their cock with her leg and shit like that.
I mean it,
you need that girl to be protected,
you know their,
their girls did that.
Everything has to be out in the open,
you know,
maybe even the VIP section,
there has to be a dude who's like,
you know,
near the door listening for screams of scuffles.
I mean it's fucking scary shit.
If you were a chick man,
I really can't have a van for that.
When I was 15 I the first strip club I ever went to,
it's in New Orleans and I,
I will,
I went to this strip club in the day,
15 in a day and the day,
and they let me in New Orleans is,
I don't know if it still is,
I spent a lot of time,
but for a 15 year old,
it's an awesome city.
They just let you in.
They didn't care.
And I'm getting this feeling.
They don't check ids or anything.
It was just a long time ago.
I think they thought it was funny.
It was,
I don't know.
But I got into a strip club.
I'm sitting in this chair with a,
the first dripper I'd ever encountered.
In fact,
I think this is the first naked girl that I'd ever encountered.
Like a flow.
Yeah.
So like I'm sitting in this chair.
Before I even saw that girl,
I had a
raging erection just from being in a strip club.
My God,
this,
this girl starts a dancing in front of me and like,
my heart's like my heart's pounding and I'm like holding the side of the chair
of my hand and I just watch my hand reach out and grab her ass.
I couldn't stop it.
It was like just an adrenaline rush.
I had to touch her.
I was so super horny and she slapped my hand.
I was like,
you can't touch me.
Which I,
you know,
I guess at the time I had,
I wasn't clear on the rules,
but that's,
that's what sexual repression does.
That's what it does.
It's like,
well,
that's not sexual repression.
That's teasing.
You're 15 years old.
You could have easily found a girl that's 15 years old and played doctor.
That's what a lot of people did.
What's weird about your first experience being in a strip club was at a strip
clubs.
Completely unnatural.
I mean,
you want to talk about wiring your situation absolutely incorrectly.
You're attractive to a girl who you absolutely should not be attractive to.
You know,
she should not find you attractive in any way,
shape or form,
but suddenly she's fucking a namerd by you.
She wants to spend time alone with you and touch you.
Holy Shit.
Oh,
but she wants money.
She wants money and you can't touch her back.
Well,
what is this trap I'm in?
Am I going to get to come?
No,
you can't come.
He just sort of sit.
There was girl dances around you in every instinct of your bodies raging to
stick your penis inside of her body,
but you can't.
Sounds like most relationships though.
Honestly,
I don't like him.
I hate him.
I don't like strip clubs,
man there I never could get any of that.
I get sad.
I mean even when I went to at the beginning I would always like try to talk to
the girl and cause I was just like,
so what are you doing?
I was always the talker again.
I just want to talk to you baby.
Well,
I feel bad for all of them.
I was like,
wow,
I can't believe you're doing this.
I never felt sad.
Were very nice,
boring.
Some of them are
nice and they're just stuck in this the best way they can make money.
I mean if you look at it about exporting the system is a great way to make a lot
of money.
It was Casey.
Anthony is stripper.
Well she,
I don't know.
She seems like it.
I Dunno.
I'm so glad I did not follow any of that.
I have no idea what anyone I wrote on Twitter that they should have a a TV show,
a reality show where it's her an optimum and you be the first to find a sober
guy to shoot a load inside of you.
It's like a competition and the show,
the name of the show is the apocalypse.
It's just Casey,
Anthony Octomom and see how many straight dudes will shoot loads in them and
they have to get like blood tests before they go in and
Casey Anthony's guide to raising a child.
How about that?
That's so imagine man,
I will take,
I would take 5,000 Casey Anthony's over one.
Nancy grace any day of the week.
Nancy grace is a fucking foul.
Necrophiles I think she is so much more disgusting than some strippers kid
gotten to her ecstasy or whatever happened.
It's like,
who,
who like,
yeah,
a dumb girls kiss.
She left the kid in the backseat of the car.
It fell on the Kiddie pool cause she's negligent or whatever.
It's like sad and terrible.
But Nancy Grace's get like clearly getting off on the whole situation.
I hate those,
uh,
those tabloid death.
Hags like Gracie,
I,
there's some other woman I saw too is like on the view and she was like,
we just got the verdict,
the Casey Anthony Verdict.
I'm gonna need your help here.
She said,
Oh God,
you,
no,
it was just disgusting.
You're weeping because this one mother got off the hook.
Meanwhile,
every year in Afghanistan and Iraq,
the UN is dropping bombs on neighborhoods.
Kids are getting blown to smithereens.
Kids are getting transformed into hamburger meat on a daily basis in the Middle
East because of our fucked up drones that keep accidentally bombing weddings and
neighborhoods and these death murder,
these death hags are freaking out over one dead child.
I mean,
it's sad.
It's very sad.
That cake Caylee Anthony died.
I mean,
I think that's terribly sad,
but when you hear Nancy grace being like Kaylee,
Anthony's bleach bones were found,
but cable repair operator and all those honor.
Nick was one fabric,
one bit of her t shirt.
It's like there's a grow,
there's a disgusting,
there's something perverse behind it.
Thank you.
Sorry about that
dude.
You don't have to.
I'm a big fan of bashing Nancy grace.
What up pig?
There's something gross about when I,
whenever I see someone who's angry and they're fat like that and I'm like,
maybe you need to go on a diet and you won't be so fucking angry.
That's getting dogged about,
I see someone with his big jowls in this big,
you know,
I've,
I'm like exercise,
eat right.
Take some yoga classes.
You'll approach all totally different
from where the devil is dancing tonight.
The top mom's off the hook.
Tiger Woods.
That's a another one.
She went after.
She went off to tiger woods for like,
you guys need to stop watching me so much.
Slide.
Brilliant.
I wish I had.
I don't want cable.
I'd fucking watch her every day.
I like you guys don't have cable.
We don't have cable.
I can't do it man.
I turned in cable on and your house is like opening a fucking portal to hell
with all those advertisements.
I love the shows dude.
You just DVR everything don't mean,
yeah,
I've got apple TV,
I've got Netflix,
I can watch any show I want to watch and I know that you can DVR stuff,
but inevitably it's just those commercials,
man,
they make me depressed.
It's every time.
Cause like though I watch TV at the hood when I'm on the road,
I watched TV and hotels and every time I turn on the TV it seems like things
have gotten exponentially stupider.
Things have gotten exponentially worse.
And,
and I kind of like having those spaces in between watching TV.
Cause I think if you watch TV every day,
you don't realize how,
it's just,
it's just as co imploding.
Every now and then I'll watch something that makes me think like I haven't been
paying attention and something's been going on.
Did I did?
I'm not aware of like two and a half men.
Like I'll watch two and a half men and you know and hear the laugh track and
find out.
That's a number one show in the country and I'll start scratching my hand.
I'll go,
okay,
what's going on in Miami?
Did I miss something?
Has there been just an invasion of stupid that I wasn't here for?
You know,
is there something going on?
Right.
And then you'll watch a commercial and the commercial would be really
ridiculous.
Like a BP commercial.
Have you seen those BP commercials?
No.
We've cleaned up the Gulf and they showed people eating seafood and Jordan and
like sitting there and to deliver in Nice shrimps to the table and everything
like that.
And bps making it sound like,
oh,
there's no issues at all anymore.
Yeah,
there's nothing,
it's almost better that the golf and the golf has back the golfers' back like
Jesus fucking Christ.
How many people committed suicide because of that thing?
Many.
How many dolphins were killed?
How many,
how much leakage do you guys still have?
That's being unreported because people are still finding slicks out there all
the time
and also,
you know,
a lot of those fishermen,
they,
they were doing everything under the table so it wasn't like they could report
their business and in a way that they could get the relief funds that was given.
Yeah.
I mean how many,
I mean a lot of it's just like anything else.
A lot of those fishermen had businesses that weren't like operating according to
Code.
How about they were using prisoners to clean up the fucking oil and they
wouldn't let people film it and then making people sick.
It's fine.
Yeah.
You're in jail for pot and they can make know.
Did they use that though?
Was in the lid on using dangerous criminals.
How have you awesome murderers to clean up oil?
Yeah.
People bring it back.
Shanking people with oil.
Yeah.
My uncle told me how to boil oil and turn it into plastic and make a hard ass
plastic knife making oil bomb shank some to get mad at me as a few people.
There's many discussions online.
Someone got mad at me for a black
voice that I shouldn't use all black.
Why would he get mad?
Talking about like a black man when I like with the way I just had an Emr,
boiled his shit up and that was a black voice.
That was black.
Yes.
I know.
I can tell black Holland voices,
guys who are black and Holland.
What is it?
Is it just the voice?
It's an interesting thing how black people have their,
their voices sound slightly different.
Like the,
the way,
not all of them.
Cindy party a is a perfect example of someone who doesn't,
or there's,
you know,
obviously Obama doesn't sound like he's black,
but there's a certain even like really,
um,
Morgan Freeman man,
I wonder if she could tell,
but it's interesting when you're talking to a guy on the phone,
here's the point.
I'm not generalizing here,
I'm just,
I'm just being honest about,
you can tell many,
many times whether or not the person you're talking to is black and it doesn't
mean they're not super articulate are superintelligent is not,
it's a,
a tonal quality.
You know what I'm saying?
I think it's the,
uh,
the name for that tonal quality is fucking cool.
I love the black voice.
It's the best man.
I wish I talk like that and me all your money,
it sounds cooler.
It's done so much better than it does.
It sounds so much better than our dialect.
That dialect is,
it's just cool.
It's like,
it's what is it as a more relaxed?
It's what is it?
It's moral waxed.
It's got just cooler more.
Yeah,
just cooler.
I don't know how you put it,
but like,
you know,
when you hear black comedians talk like white people,
right?
That's how they hear us.
Like I think we,
we've
the really,
that's sort of what they're doing is sort of reiterating what Richard Pryor did,
you know,
back in the 70s kind of piss man.
I'm sorry.
Just dropped.
No waters.
Insane.
And that full synergy,
you drink the full Kombucha.
We got,
we got him end coffee,
we're filling Dunkin up with liquids.
We know that they're crucial to mind functioning,
cleaning out his UTS.
So,
um,
tell me your story about your friends,
your friends,
a little brother.
Oh yeah.
Uh,
so this is pretty interesting.
My,
uh,
friend's little brother,
he was 21,
so he's a little bit older,
but a real nice guy.
Plays video games,
has autism,
but he's got it where he can actually live and he can drive a car and stuff like
that.
But he's very,
very shy,
very quiet,
very like when he's out in public,
the first time I met him,
you would like wear sunglasses for a couple minutes and take them off and put
them back on.
Like he was just very uncomfortable,
didn't really ever make conversation.
It was always like answers like two questions,
you know,
like,
so,
hey,
how you doing?
Good,
you know,
kind of thing.
Right.
So,
uh,
we were hanging out recently and,
he,
he drinks here and there and he'll drink like vodka straight and he'll just chug
it real quick as he,
in the past he would drink vodka and he felt more comfortable,
like relaxed,
like he's not so intense and stuff.
So last night or a couple of nights ago,
I was like,
Hey,
so,
uh,
do you,
have you ever smoked weed?
And he goes,
I was really against it.
But then I saw that movie documentary with Joe Rogan in it.
And now I'm thinking different about it.
And I'm like,
Oh,
you're talking about the drug war movie or whatever,
the Union,
the Union Django,
cause he just watches Netflix all day.
That's all he does.
He doesn't work just pretty much cause it's very hard for them to work.
They said he just,
you know,
lives with his mom and stuff and uh,
and I'm like,
well if I got some,
would you want to try it?
And he goes,
yeah,
I think,
I think I would.
So we went to the store and uh,
we got allegedly,
we got a,
uh,
you know,
they didn't have any joints left,
so they had these pre roll blunts,
you know,
like these humongous cones and it looks like a cone,
but you know,
like an oil co cone and it's filled with weed.
And so I got him at a,
I didn't know what to get him.
Like I didn't think I like sativa would be a,
I got him a hybrid.
And,
uh,
I told them to take a couple hits.
I told him to take one hit and I taught them how to inhale and stuff like that.
And uh,
he took one hit and you know,
and I was like,
all right,
maybe one more and we'll just sit here and watch some TV for a while and see how
it goes.
And it went,
why?
And he was kind of like smiling or giggling a little and he goes,
you know,
Tim is layer goes,
can I have some more?
And I'm like,
yeah,
sure.
And gave us more this time he took like five,
Hugh Mungus,
his strong hits and shit like that.
Next thing you know,
he was giggling and laughing and talking and he was making sentences and it was
most amazing thing I ever saw.
It was amazing.
Well there was a story on the news from northern California about a family who
had a son with autism and they try to,
everything with this kid,
they just could not get him to come out of a shell.
They tried therapy,
they tried,
you know,
all these different methods to try to get him to communicate.
And then they started giving them weed and they started feeding him hash.
He would eat the hash and he'd put it in fruit and he would eat it and the kid
became a normal kid.
It's like,
it all just went away.
Like he figured out how tuned in.
It's fucking incredible.
Anybody who says there's no medical use for marijuana,
you're a Goddamn anti human.
You know,
you,
you're a fucking criminal.
You're,
you're a criminal.
You run around saying that these people that can't actually benefit from it.
I don't think what we,
what we do with marijuana,
when I talk about how I'm on the medical marijuana program,
like as a,
you know,
and,
and people that go,
oh,
you're scamming the system.
Maybe.
No,
maybe.
No.
Maybe it is medicine.
Just like aspirins,
Madison,
you know,
it is,
isn't,
it isn't a fucking,
I mean when you,
when you're having a cold and you take cough medicine and it makes you go to
sleep and feel better,
isn't that medicine?
Well guess what,
that medicine is in fucking fixing anything that medicine is just curing your
symptoms a little bit or concealing your symptoms,
still allow you to get a good night's sleep.
Well,
marijuana is actually making you feel better.
That is medicine.
It's medicine for everybody,
man.
You know,
it's,
it's something that makes you more connected and more sensitive and more
relaxed.
Well,
I,
I just,
I stopped smoking pot for a month cause I was smoking every day,
all day.
And,
and uh,
this is what happened.
What happened to me the next day after having probably for a year,
smoke constantly smoked pot the next day.
You don't happen to me.
Well,
nothing.
I mean I stop.
Listen,
doctor drew says that the marijuana today is much stronger than the marijuana
overreaction.
No withdrawn
to juice has,
there's serious withdrawal symptoms.
No anxiety attack.
You know,
what happened the next day?
Nothing.
You know what happened the next day when I saw flowers,
I wasn't thinking,
oh,
these are expansions of the mind of God.
I was just seeing flowers and then that's it.
Great.
Thanks.
That's great.
It really helped.
And I,
and I've done it.
I've done it for actually today was the first time I smoked pot and I'll let you
suggesting
doctor drew is a lying whore.
I am suggesting that I am as well.
Yeah.
I think him and Nancy Grace,
you're going to yep.
Burn and a specific part of whatever.
Hell,
there may be one baby that gets eaten by Florida.
Florida will turn into a mouth and eat that baby.
I think the swamps will open up and you'll see teeth come out of the ground.
Snatch up the child.
Man,
I would love to dead babies.
It wasn't even before Laura.
And uh,
you know,
it'd be so fun.
This is a weird thought that I've had.
Wait a minute,
you,
yeah,
I know.
Get Out.
But if Nancy grace as a full grown thing is disgusting and foul,
right?
But if you could shrink Nancy grace down and have like a pocket Nancy grace that
lived [inaudible]
best ever,
some little judgemental death kind that you had an a in an aquarium that was
just
a little show to the right.
Hog or woods.
Yeah.
Charles.
Those girls that he loved them.
We'll go to the next caller.
Is it a dead baby in Florida?
It is the semen stains on the mattress.
Can we zoom in on those same,
it's fine.
Let's get dog the bounty hunter and here to dirty nails.
Scratching or click gone.
Pumpkin,
Siemens diamond.
The men's style.
That's her mantra when she walks.
She chance.
Same in Stein.
Nancy grace holds.
Yeah.
World record for the longest squirt ever by a female vagina.
One squirt like 18 feet.
Yeah.
I think that that's where it happened.
It didn't,
that square happened when she saw Jon Benet.
Ramsey is death picture.
We were a,
we were at a club in Pittsburgh and um,
we went to see,
um,
I went with Mark Della Grotta and my Golberg went to see Bella,
Donna Bella.
Donna had like a little shit.
We didn't go to see her and specifically,
but she just so coincidentally happened to be reforming there.
Sure.
And they were telling us that we had a girl last week.
It's squirt all the way from one table to another table.
Wow.
This girl could squirt nine feet.
Apparently she would finger blast yourself and whatever that female ejaculate
is,
it would literally launch itself through the sky,
like nine feet
it now that female ejaculate.
Isn't there some controversy about that?
Like there's a mixture of urine and uh,
and yeah,
calm or whatever and creations supposedly.
Yeah.
I think it's a lot of urine.
I don't know what do I know,
but it just seems crazy that someone could just shoot that shit
am feet.
I mean even,
I mean,
even
shooting urine nine feet is no small feat.
That's a,
yeah.
Apparently the longest distance.
Some guy,
some guy shot a load like 18 feet or something crazy like that.
That's like the world record.
But that might be a lie too.
They might have had a fan behind them.
Yeah.
I want to see video of it.
They didn't tell you that he shot that load and an air tunnel test cars for
their aerodynamic capabilities.
Boom.
18 feet.
Mom
doesn't specify whether or not there's a tailwind.
Yeah,
it's,
squirting is a,
is a fascinating phenomenon.
Joey Diaz used to date a girl had that issue and he goes,
it's inconsistent.
That's what you get mad about it.
One day it's like the Morag Pi.
The next day it's like gunpowder.
It's inconsistent.
It's a,
a
gusher,
but she never really scored it.
But after sex it was seriously like a bucket.
Yeah.
My high school,
I was like that when I had a girlfriend in high school who would drip down her
legs.
It was crazy.
Like we would,
uh,
you know,
just be hanging out in her,
in her bed and kissing her and all sudden like her legs would be wet.
It would drip down her posts down the inside of her thoughts.
Dirty bench.
Now when,
when that happens,
they have to drink more water because that's from you mean they do,
right.
Cause like no more than you do if you have to take a leak,
you know?
I mean if you have to take the leak,
do you have to immediately get water in your system?
When you die?
They get dehydrated faster.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm sure.
I bet squirters can die.
Yeah.
Maybe it's one of the tests they take you.
If you're gonna go on a fucking engine on a hike in the Mojave [inaudible].
Anybody here a squirter
inhibitor is imperative that you do not masturbate during this journey.
Are we clear what not at all?
You'll need to conserve your water.
Girls do not score it in the desert and to keep pushing,
drawing,
keep your mind clean.
Keep your mind clean of impure thoughts.
Any girls leak out of their panties if you are in an but if you are in the
desert with a squirter.
Okay.
Do you drink for sure.
Guys have lived on boats for days,
uh,
and not dehydrated because they drank their own piss,
not dehydrated.
The death of course they had some dehydration,
but um,
you can drink your own urine.
You can recycle your own urine like apparently over and over again.
Yeah,
that,
I knew that.
But it keeps you alive.
There's people that have done it when other people wouldn't do it and those
people,
they wouldn't do it.
Start,
they died.
Well,
that's an idiot.
Yeah.
It's like I'd rather die than drink something that was already in my body.
What a moron.
Yeah.
Well think about the dude wanted to get his head cut off.
There's,
it takes every kind of people that make this crazy world.
It takes it sing.
Brian took civic canopy.
You a couple of years younger than me,
son.
You missed out on some great references.
This temple in India.
Let's talk about that
cause it's fucking fascinating.
And Dunkin,
you are a man who all the people I know.
You know more about ancient India and in the Bhagavad Gita and the all the
different ancient text.
Sure.
Maybe,
I don't know.
I don't know that that might right.
First of all,
try and pronounce this fucking name.
This is the place in India.
Are you ready for this?
They use they,
they'll throw some fucking words into us,
into a name.
They don't give a fuck.
They'll throw some letters rather than her name in India.
I mean they,
they're really not trying to be brief and all that.
They're not,
this is the,
this is the real name of this place where they found this.
What it is is a giant temple.
And under this temple they found a vault that hadn't been open for over 150
years,
actually six volts that hadn't been opened.
Some of them for 150 years and there's at least $20 billion where the treasure
in there and now they're saying that it's probably going to be closer to a
trillion because what they're counting on us,
how much these things are actually worth,
you know,
as far as like the gold and you know,
the,
the emeralds and all the jewels and stuff.
But they're saying,
well,
just the,
the,
you know,
if you wanted to auction this stuff off,
you know what the real worth would be.
It would be much higher than that.
You know,
you're,
you're looking at something,
it's just the,
you know,
what it's worth mineral wise,
but you know,
just the,
the historical value of these things would bring it through the roof.
This is the name of the place.
This is fucking crazy.
T H I r U v a n a n t h a p.
U r a.
M.
India
say that,
say Reuven through Brrrum non super rumbles
for through Rovana through bro.
Can you,
can you read this?
Come over here and read this.
I can't read.
I don't read Sanskrit.
I'd stumble it Sanskrits English.
Do you know what that would say?
Well,
you're,
you're pretty good at this shit.
What would that say?
That's the place where it happened in India through via
their Evana stopper.
It's like Burke,
Chrysler's,
Twitter,
[inaudible] van and super remember,
imagine if you were fucking landed on a plane flight in India and you had to get
to a,
through a van on Super Rum and you only saw it written down and you're trying to
talk to the driver.
[inaudible] can you take me to throw van hook through Vana no soup around.
Please copy
that and put.com and see if I,
somebody actually has that domain.
Hey,
right,
I want through rob.
That's that the thing about that,
finding all that treasure under that temple,
it goes,
oh,
I'm reading this awesome book,
um,
about,
you know,
how religion is designed to take people's money.
And I think that's a really good example of,
um,
of,
uh,
of that use temple having so much money.
Yeah.
Because people get this book that I'm reading and it's so funny that I can't
believe I hadn't considered this,
but it talks about how in the Old Testament,
you know,
they say asks for a,
an an offering of a,
a lamb or a burn offering of an unblemished cow and all those things,
they're just priests saying what they want to eat.
It's like,
obviously God doesn't want a cow.
God doesn't want to burn offering of a sheep.
God doesn't want $20 billion worth of jewels.
It's the priests saying,
God wants these things and people bring it to the priests.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
They had sacks filled with diamonds piled next to tons,
tons of gold coins and jewelry.
Apparently it's fucking credible.
The vaults of the 18th or the 16th century Shri Pod Mun uh,
but why me?
Hmm,
maybe a temple.
The world chapter of the former rulers of a,
this area of a Corolla state.
Wow.
What?
It's kind of weird to think that you have all these vaults under your temple and
you never open them up.
Yeah.
I mean how the fuck did,
did people just die and not tell people about the show?
You go under your temple ever.
Well now the issue is none of the people know this is just a little temple in a
small town and now they have like a few cops there that a guardian.
But guess what?
Fuck face.
That's not enough.
You dummies.
Just one on nbc.com and talked about something that might be worth trillions of
fucking dollars.
Not,
you know,
not millions.
Not Billions really.
I think it could be worth,
it may be worth 1,000,000,000,009.
You know what?
I have a feeling of the United States.
He's going to find some impress people over there and need frame.
They found a 15 foot long gold chains.
Wow.
15 foot long gold chains.
Holy Shit Man.
It's just like,
man,
when I was a kid,
if there was any kind of like hidden tunnel anywhere,
like I'd go into a sewer when I was at,
it's like how has,
how has no one gone down into that
vault for so long?
There's a four foot tall,
solid gold statue studied with emeralds.
We used to have the sewage system that went through our whole neighborhood that
we used to call candy land as a kid and we would like go,
it was like a drainage sewage.
Thank well how the fuck did you call it?
Well one thing is ever somebody spray painted the entrance so it looked like
you're walking into like Alice in wonderland or Candyland or something like that
and you walk through it and I mean somebody dragged a couch in there.
Somehow in the end people would sit in there and hanging.
It was like a underground.
So we'd go through these streets in the sewage system and pop out these little
sewage pipe things and was kind of like,
we have like this underground tunnel throughout the whole neighborhood.
It's pretty bad ass until it rained.
And then it was just disgusting cause Shit and Poop.
Well it was all rainwater and stuff like that.
But uh,
it's still had growth.
Incredible.
2011 that they're finding this and this and this temple.
It makes you wonder what the fuck they found in Egypt.
You know,
what kind of cool shit was pillaged many,
many years ago because you know,
by time Western explorers started tapping into those temples in the 18 hundreds
so much of that stuff has already gone.
Thousands of years of,
of grave robbers,
right?
People got into temples and stole things and it's one of the more impressive
things about when they found like two ton comments is that they actually
discovered it and nobody had gotten to it yet and they were able to do it,
you know,
within,
this,
this scent generation and open this up and expose it to everybody.
You know,
I wonder how many of those things are still out there a ton.
She imagined time manage if they got to one and it was like the fucking scene in
alien,
you know,
I remember seeing an alien,
the first movie where they sound the one giant alien with his chest,
exploded the hall.
It's the best when they're looking at this dead alien trying to figure out what
the fuck killed him.
How dope would that be if we got into some underground temple and it was the
bones of some fucking dead alien dead aliens on a spaceship thrown like,
yeah.
And what's your title at Dead End?
Inaki I just went to uh,
uh,
the Metropolitan Museum in New York and they had these ancient,
this ancient Sumerian temple that they've rebuilt their,
wow.
It is fucking awesome,
man.
It's so cool.
And like
beat the woman.
The museum was telling us that all of it was just stolen.
Like all that stuff was stolen from like Iran I guess.
Or I guess that stuff came from Iraq,
but like it was really a minute.
Ron,
you have to say rock.
Really?
Yeah,
I rack,
I get confused about everything I pronounced when I'm about to pronounce
anything.
It goes through this weird filter.
I'm like,
you're on Iraq.
I always say I ran.
I always say I ran because that's how I heard it.
Yeah,
it was on TV.
I don't even have this.
I don't know.
I'm just kidding.
Kidding you,
but I'm just saying that people always give me a hard time about it.
No,
it's,
yeah,
it's the worst.
Like I have no,
I don't know that that plays to not hang out with us.
No,
those
people,
by the way,
Chile.
It's not people I know in real life.
It's messaged work people,
Chile,
Sheila,
Sheila and sea bass.
It's delicious.
That's on last night.
It's very yummy.
I could see myself good.
So good.
It's supposed to be in danger though or something.
Not supposed to eat it.
Why?
It's delicious.
It's a reason why it's endangered.
Yeah,
but this stuff was really cool to see,
man.
They have like the way they wrote is they have these,
you know about the little rollers with Cuneiform Cuny?
Yeah,
that's what that's called and they roll it into clay and it's really fun.
Yeah.
I went to the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.
I believe it's museum fine arts,
whatever the museum and is.
There's a one museum that has a,
an ancient Mesopotamian collection,
ancient Egyptian,
ancient Iraq,
Iraq,
Iran,
all do the,
although that area ship,
they have a lot of that cuneiform script.
It's really cool to think that,
you know,
you're sitting here in this air conditioned room staring at some piece of clay
that someone had written on 6,000 years ago.
You know,
and that's how they wrote.
They wrote in these little up and down little squiggles,
a little lines rather.
It looks like,
you know what they look like,
they look like old nails.
If you go to a,
an old house,
like when I do construction,
Boston,
Boston is so fucking old that a lot of times you would get houses and you would
do demos on these houses.
Like,
you don't have to tear down a wall or something like that and you would have to
pull nails out and they would be these fucking ancient nails where it wasn't
like made by a machine where there was like a round flat top and then a,
a tubular,
you know,
pointy part on the bottom.
You know,
that's like,
you know,
straight and no,
it wasn't like that.
It was like there were these weird,
like almost handmade fucking nail looking things.
So like cast into some cast iron like pigs.
They're like old ass fucking,
that's what,
that's what this cuneiform looks like.
It looks like all these old nails,
you know,
like next to each other and sideways and shit.
Yeah,
it's a,
it's,
it's crazy to see that and to see how,
how beautiful those statues are and how perfectly sculpted they are and to think
about how old that civilization was and that somehow we think of them as
primitive.
You know,
we judge that.
Anything,
uh,
that old,
we just think of it as,
oh,
they were crazy.
They,
they're not crazy.
But you know,
they had these myths where they believed in these winged like bird headed
creatures that they were shipped.
And it was some kind of a hallucination that they were all having.
Right?
So much controversy about that whole part of the world in that time of the world
because a of Zechariah ascension,
there's so many,
uh,
of those guys who studied that Sumerian texts don't agree with him.
So it's,
it's real hard to figure out who's right and who's wrong.
You know,
there's like a whole website called Cichon is wrong.com and it all breaks down
all the stuff about the Annunaki and all this shit that's such and said such and
looked at all those pictures of these,
um,
giant people from a,
you know,
these reliefs and looked at all the,
the Sumerian texts and his deduction after all this years of studying it was
that there was some great planet,
you know,
3000,
600 year elliptical orbit that comes between us and,
and Jupiter,
Mars and Jupiter every 3000,
600 years.
And they come over to earth and then they fucking deal with us every 3,600
years.
And this was like,
you know,
this,
everybody else thought that this was the most ridiculous,
outlandish science fiction.
Ridiculous depiction.
But the bottom line is if you look at all those clay tablets,
there's so much weird shit to them.
There's a,
why are these people so big?
And then there's small people that they're holding in their hands and some of
these small people have a monkey tails and why,
you know,
they have,
they have the,
the or the actual solar system of,
of our,
our sources to make a drawing of it with the planets and the correct order and
the correct size,
including Pluto.
Yeah.
You know,
when people dispute that man.
But look,
I've,
I've seen the,
the images and I've seen people,
you know,
compare the images to the actual orbits of earth and for an artist to
Pictionary,
pretty God damn clothes.
You know,
whether it's a,
an absolutely or not just
looking at it and saying,
how the fuck did they even know about any of this shit?
How did they know that there were all these planets out there?
How could they distinguish between the stars and those planets?
How were they doing that 6,000 years ago?
Cause I know you and I can't.
Yeah,
we wouldn't be able to do it if you don't have a telescope.
How the fuck are you seeing all that shit?
If,
what is it?
Just dumb luck that they had this dispatch depiction of the sun.
Clearly the sun a circle with even like the little flame marks around it and
then they have these depictions of all these planets in an obviously in orbit
around the sun.
Sure.
In big and small that directly represent what is actually out there.
Here's Jupiter.
Look how big it is.
Here's Mars.
It's smaller than us.
I mean it was all there.
It's,
it's as far as an artist's depiction.
It's an artist's depiction of someone who knows what's out there and did think
that they knew what's out there.
6,000 years ago,
it was pretty trippy.
I don't understand.
I have never had a problem believing that aliens came by here at one point and
had a little conversation with our DNA.
And I don't know why people have a problem believing that I,
it it seems just so clear.
Every single religion talks about something coming down from the sky.
I mean,
we're fine.
[inaudible] religion that talks about an earth based deity,
something that comes up out of the ground,
something that comes out of the ground.
It's uh,
the,
you know,
the Greek gods.
They lived on Mount Olympus,
Om the all gods,
all the great,
the great spirit and the different,
um,
visitors that the native Americans talk about.
They came from space,
they came,
we got visited
there,
a mushrooms,
Dunkin.
It could be that or it could be,
what is it possible that,
what's going on is that these people are,
are all survivors of a civilization that crashed because of some sort of a
natural catastrophe back when the world wasn't as connected as is today.
Like say what's going on in Japan right now,
which is going on in Japan,
is this crazy,
terrible situation to tsunamis.
Take away the nuclear power thing because obviously we're talking about at a
time where there was no nuclear power,
so everything gets crushed and falls apart in that part of the world gets
destroyed.
Or what if the rest of the world,
like they had to rebuild but the rest of the world survived independently and
then people came over and helicopters and shit and these people were still
living like people lived,
you know,
10,000 years ago because of their,
their collapse and their civilization was destroyed by natural catastrophe.
Maybe they see people landing in jets,
an airplanes and shit,
and they think,
Holy Shit,
these are aliens,
right?
Is that possible?
Yes.
Yeah.
It's probably,
I mean it's one of those things where we can never answer it,
but yeah,
that is the problem,
right?
That's the big problem.
But my,
my theory socks though,
my theory is not fun.
It's not fun and,
or sexy helicopters landed and those are the CFOs that's gay.
I just think there was this what,
why?
Here's what happened.
I'll tell you what happened and I do know you do.
Yeah,
we are.
We came from Mars,
Mars got attacked by aliens and we had to escape from Mars to come here and we
landed.
And there were some ecological that made us forget all the technology that we
learned,
that technology got all fragmented up and turn it into like religions and
magical systems and the Kabbalah and all that stuff is just based on like very
ancient metaphysical circuit boards were the descendants of these,
um,
I don't know,
survivors from another planet.
We,
you know,
have some vague race memory of something bigger and we try to translate it in
the form of all of our religions and we all squabble and fight over it.
And the squabbling and the fighting is keeping us from reassembling the
spaceship that we were building in the,
uh,
beginning.
And if we could just get back to work on that guide,
damn spaceship,
then we can
dangit back to Mazda.
Dude,
Mars doesn't exist anymore.
Maurice died off.
Joe With this is,
it's inside Mars is like lost.
It's like our show last step.
We are,
you know,
100,000 generations of people living on this island and we've completely
forgotten that it's an island.
That's it.
That's what it is.
Mars.
That's it.
You got to get back to Mars.
But inside Mars,
inside Mars,
that's where it is.
There's all this.
Have you seen those pictures of those giant holes in the side of Mars?
No.
It's in the volcanoes.
Dunkin was volcanoes on Mars.
Yes.
New Information.
It's invisible.
Richard Hoagland.
We'll connect there.
It looked,
this rock connects exactly 15 meters from that rock,
which goes over to here,
which is this multi sided pyramid like,
Whoa,
whoa,
multi-sided.
What?
And you've got to look at it sideways and squint and what are you seeing that
I'm like,
those guys are crazy.
We will never know.
It's a big mystery.
That's the idea though,
is the New Orleans believe that the Nubians believe they came from Mars.
That was a lot of the ancient,
the ancient Nubian folklore.
Is that something that happens part of Africa?
Yeah,
that is what happened.
There was a,
we got attacked by the fucking Surg or we can start karate or maybe we just,
maybe that was the,
the real ancient civilization that we got attacked by asteroids and know that we
lived on Mars and Mars got hammered by asteroids.
We lost our environment.
And so we had,
we just took a spaceship and flew here,
you know,
20,000 years ago and mingled with apes that,
and then we forgot about everything.
We forgot about our spaceship.
Yeah.
That's how we got here.
Yup.
I,
that's what I think it is.
Now you've got these weirdos parading around as the priests of religion.
How long would it take?
Imagine this,
imagine if you have a spaceship and the space ship can carry 4,000 people.
Sure.
Leave.
Take these 4,000 people from Earth and because of some shifting of the solar
system and the balance,
all of a sudden earth becomes uninhabitable.
But Mercury is,
or you know,
Venus is,
or there's another planet.
Let's just say we go back to Mars.
We terraform Mars.
Yeah.
Let's say we terraform Mars and they've done it successfully to the point where
they show you like Mars isn't habitable and so people fishing on Mars and having
a good time,
vacationing and tailgating and shit and 4,000 people get get on a ship to avoid
Earth's disaster and they land on Mars.
How long would it take?
How many generations before we completely forgot what happened.
Cause it's like the 4,000 generations or 4,000 people,
right?
If you get 4,000 people,
you'd have to get scientists and educators and philosophers.
You'd have to like mix it up really carefully because you would want as much of
our civilization to carry on as possible.
But how many generations would it take before we completely forgot what
happened?
Well you maybe,
maybe like you know it,
it depends on the how we're storing our information.
What are we storing our information on and these things,
man,
you know,
if you're doing it on little SD cards,
you're doing at least the last e cards,
right?
Yeah.
You can lose these dude,
shit can go wrong.
Look how tiny that is.
What if,
what if you have this and then you know,
we have to start from scratch.
There's some sort of Mad Max situation and you have to invent some new way to
read these things.
If you and I had all the time in the world to come up with a way to read this,
we would never solve it.
So what,
so what you would do after the information device has start getting wiped out,
something happens where the information device has get wiped out.
So then you're going to start,
I suppose trying to encode the information on things that will last,
you know,
and that's where you stone,
that's what those Georgia Guidestones yeah,
right.
That kind of stuff.
Could you imagine if you just,
so when you sit in code,
I thought for a second I said wow,
in code is an interesting way of putting it.
Can imagine if it's actually encoded in DNA,
you know,
we know that we can embed things,
we can embed,
you know,
I mean if a human being or an animal or anything,
it's really just a information,
the chemicals,
you know,
all these different materials that are interacting with each other.
If we can introduce something into that system,
whether it's in a biological system or a plant or something,
or you can actually encode information.
Intuit's genetics where you could pull that information out almost as if it's
like a USB clubs.
Yeah,
ones and Zeros.
You can inject information like maybe that's what the FIBONACCI code is.
Maybe the,
the FIBONACCI code,
the golden ratio,
the,
you know,
the universal golden ratio.
Maybe.
What,
what,
what things like,
oh,
those nature,
you know,
like things that w w what makes us sunflower seeds so beautiful and it's this
exponential sort of mathematics that's involved in at all.
Maybe that really is like the code of the universe and coded into everything in
nature.
Maybe that's a signature designer that's a signature of whatever software
designer came up with this virtual universe.
That's how he signs everything.
Or it's signs everything with like some kind of like ratio.
That's how you know who made this stuff.
That's his shit signature.
This is his dimension.
Yeah.
This is his dimensioning.
I sign everything with the FIBONACCI sequence is you imagine that if maybe
there's an infinite number of universes.
Well we should.
We sure have.
We sure how.
There's no doubt about that.
But could you imagine if,
if there are,
is the possibility,
we were talking earlier about this guy Wayne are getting busted for pulling his
dick out and how weird.
It seems that as time goes on,
things seem more and more
like a movie.
Like this is Michele Bachmann character or so many things that are going on in
the hypocrisy of this great world.
You know,
the,
the fall of the free market system,
the interjection of tax dollars into it and the fucking,
the scandal that erupted left and right over every single aspect of it.
It starts to look more and more like a movie.
Well,
could you imagine if as time goes on,
the things that you can do right now with second life and the things that you
can do right now with some sort of a,
a simulator game online are pretty God damn spectacular,
but nothing compared to what they're going to be able to accomplish.
1,000,
a hundred thousand a million years from now.
All right?
A million years from now,
there could be architects of their own universe and there could be a built in
humor built into these universes that as the game gets closer and closer to
being over,
it becomes more and more ridiculous to the point where it forces you to
recognize that,
oh my God,
this is all fake.
This is all the figment of someone's imagination and computer program.
Well,
or,
or how about this?
Instead of saying it's fake,
how about it's just a form of university getting you ready for something and as
you get closer and closer to graduation,
things become more and more absurd.
And waiting at the end of this thing is this hilarious surprise party with all
your friends you like put you under.
So that you could experience this thing.
You had a really interesting point once a theory and idea that you had the about
the universe being your own life and that as you get closer and closer to your
mortal death,
more and more cuff hat catastrophe starts to take place in the world.
Though the,
the,
the news is constantly filled with,
you know,
just carnage and horrible things and what this really is,
is your own mortality surely slipping away.
And I think that's one,
I always think about that like when the,
when the simulator fades out and you blink back into your true existence,
I think it's this weird sense of like,
oh wait,
you mean that if I just focused,
I could have turned the entire planet into a paradise now?
Like,
yeah,
that was totally one of the things you could've done if you want it to.
And you'd focused and you'd like,
you used the strength that was inside of you and you'd manage to project all of
your positivity out into the world.
You could have transformed this particular planet into a new garden of Eden,
but you decided to write some jokes.
It were just a cool,
hey,
next time we'll do it next time.
Maybe it'll work next time.
Doing more than writing jokes.
Do it.
Just doing this podcast,
having this,
uh,
these conversations,
you know,
putting this kind of information now,
like the way we do it every week.
Um,
I think we're,
we're letting people in on a different way of thinking and people get invested
in it and they get involved in it and it,
it,
it helps their fucking life,
man.
I get messages from people all day about it and when I see when I do the podcast
or do a comedy shows rather,
and people come out to me over and over again,
they tell me how much they love the conversations and about how much they love
the opportunity.
Kind of relook at life to look at life through a different Lens.
You're not just by doing just doing this podcast.
You're not just writing jokes.
You're allowing people to look at an a possible other path and to be inspired by
a group of people that are like their friends that are in their ear.
Like all you people listening right now,
we are like your online friend.
We are,
we're in your ear right now and we're going to continue to do this and we'll be
a part of your life and it will enhance your life,
you know,
and it'll help you.
You're doing more than that,
dude.
Well,
and also there's a,
there's the awesome thing is there is a reciprocity because I d I keep getting
these like awesome,
uh,
posts from people who hear stuff I saying.
They're like,
oh,
this is like,
this is,
this is what you were talking about.
Like I,
I've been thinking about this thing,
uh,
talking about this thing when Natasha called interpersonal environmentalism,
which is this idea that true environmentalism is not going out into the war,
ended like way out in the world that try to make it better.
But it's like dealing with what's happening with you and your closest circle of
friends in what's happening in your ecosystem.
To try to clean that up first.
And um,
I had this idea of how a large enough group of people,
if a collective of consumers got together,
then they could shut down any corporation they want it to,
if it reached a big enough number of people that could instantaneously do
boycotts and stuff.
And someone facebooked me this thing about something called collective
consumerism.
And this guy did this weird experiment and it's some group called carrot mob I
think.
And the,
the view youtube video I made was Kinda cheesy,
but the experiment itself was bad ass,
which is he went to all,
he wanted to see what would happen if he could organize people on a local level.
And he went to all these different liquor stores and he said,
Hey,
if I get a giant group of people to come in here and buy a shitload of stuff,
will you donate 20% of the proceeds to turning your liquor store into a more
ecofriendly liquor store with better lights,
better whatever wiring so that you don't burn as much energy and it's better for
the environment.
So like you went to all these liquor stores and one liquor store said,
we'll give 20% of whatever you make us from this mob.
You're talking about to making it more ecofriendly.
So they ended up getting at this little liquor store.
They ended up getting a giant fucking around the block line of people waiting in
line to buy shit from this liquor store as a form of activism.
The place made in three hours,
$10,000 and ended up donating like you know,
a big percentage of that and now it's an ecofriendly liquor store and this is
all because of one guy.
This is August one guy came up with this experiment.
What happens if we organize consumers?
Because his theory is a great idea too.
He's not asking them to do anything with that money that's bad for the business.
It's only going to help their business.
How was his logic?
That's brilliant because corporations just want to make money.
So if you could organize people at a big enough level and you go to corporations
and say,
hey,
we're going to swarm and buy a shitload of stuff from you on this day on the
condition that you make these changes in your corporation.
That's the theory behind it.
It's pretty cool.
That's a brilliant idea.
And you picked us up on Twitter,
someone twittered this year,
someone popped it on my Facebook page and it's like that.
That helps me a lot in like,
you know,
philosophies that I'm developing and things I'm thinking about right now,
which is,
that is the cool thing,
man.
Every day,
every day I get Twitter messages,
Facebook messages,
I get messages from people who are interesting.
They send me interesting links.
You create sort of a likeminded group of humans,
you know?
And that's something that you're a part of man.
You know?
And when we're,
when we're talking about the possibility of making the world a better place,
you can make your world a better place and you are,
you know,
and we were all making our world a better place.
You know,
we're all by being cool to our friends by surrounding ourselves with positive
and interesting,
creative,
inspiring people.
You make your world better by,
you know,
having good times all the time because you're always around people where you
enjoy each other's company and you feel energized by each other.
And by doing that and creating your own immediate small world,
and then by doing what we're doing and then broadcasting this ideal and showing
your success with this and showing,
you know,
inspiring people with this thing,
this is not something that requires money.
This is not this some,
this requires focus and intelligence,
honesty and objectivity.
But,
but it just requires your energy.
It requires you to do it.
And we can all do it.
We can all surround ourselves with people that are cool and be cool to the
people that are around us all the time.
And,
and don't take anything less.
Some people need religion for that.
And that's one of the things that religion does a good job of,
of programming people to be a good Christian to be.
If you're a true Christian who followed true Christianity,
which most people call themselves a Christian,
sadly,
don't.
You know,
most people are crying out for fucking death.
Do Osama bin low.
They hate fags and I'm a cruise gene.
We don't tolerate that.
They're not really listening to the actual words you know,
during in the Bible,
but,
but to be a good Christian is to subscribe to an ideology that is going and
moving your life in the direction of the positive at all times.
To look out for your neighbors,
to be a good person,
all those things.
These are guidelines to live a happy,
productive life.
To put yourself in the right frequency like you were talking about with the,
in terms of your own personal depression,
that you weren't in the right frequency and in the right state of mind because
of nutrition,
because of health,
because of your own way of looking at the life.
Okay.
Yeah,
and you can put that together.
Bitches.
Yeah.
Get it together because this is the thing,
man.
Aye.
You,
we really,
I really believe that if enough people organize using the internet,
this is rudimentary nervous system that's springing up around a planet.
If enough people really start using it in the right way,
like this guy did and a very micro level at this carrot mob idea.
If,
if people start using it in the right way,
I think you've,
you could turn this fucked up simulator into some kind of amazing new world
like you could.
And you know what,
people complain sometimes that this issue gets brought up more than once on the
podcast.
But I'll give you a reason for that.
You know,
and there's a quote that someone bread,
I don't know who it was,
it wrote it,
but uh,
someone had it on their Twitter recently and so genius quote that I've heard for
years,
but I always forget the inspiration is like bathing.
It's effective,
but only for a short period of time.
That's why we recommend recommended every day.
Ah,
that's cool.
Yeah.
And inspiration,
you know,
in this form of,
of reiterating things that you and I already believe in and already know if we
were just sitting here having this conversation alone,
even if there wasn't a microphone,
even though this is some shit that we have talked about maybe 50 fucking times
in the past,
we would still be talking about it again because it's important to keep
ourselves on this frequency.
Yeah,
and it's the main,
I mean also,
yes,
exactly.
You got to stay on this frequency and it's,
it's,
it's a,
it's what's more exciting than continually reminding yourself that you are part
of,
you know,
some what some people call the apocalypse or the singularity and you're part of
that.
You're hopefully part of what's helping,
you know,
human beings evolved to a place that's,
that's better.
That's,
that's,
and I don't mean me or you as individuals.
I mean as we represent,
you know that the carrot mob thing,
I didn't think of that,
that came from someone tuning into what we're doing and then we're turning,
tuning into what they're doing and it's the beginning of some big idea.
That's what it is.
This is the beginning of some amazing idea that's going to come out of all this
technology and all and this kind of dialogue that that I think will,
um,
you know,
I don't know what I'll do it.
I don't think he's something amazing
things people can find things that resonate with them and create things that
resonate with them as opposed to looking for something that's already
established.
It's a part of the mainstream that's already,
it's already out there that you can tune into.
You know,
if you don't have a means of broadcasting to other humans and letting people
know,
which was the norm for most of the world for,
you know,
the last fucking x amount of thousands of years up until recently,
the best you could do is write a book and God knows how long it takes for your
fucking book to get read by people,
right?
It takes a long ass time.
Nowadays,
you could write one fucking true Twitter post and it gets retweeted to a million
people and that idea is out there,
man.
You know,
one blog entry,
one,
one Twitter post to a blog entry that gets retweeted and that the idea becomes
out there.
You never had the opportunity to organize people before like you can today.
So now someone could come up with an idea like this,
like getting this group activism thing going on where you just support
businesses that are more ecofriendly and encourage them to be more ecofriendly.
Thursdays you never had the opportunity to do that,
but for right now people can do things and find things that resonate with them.
Speaking to resonate and this weekend we're at resonated like a motherfucker at
the Irvine Improv.
Come on down.
It's me,
Joey dos and we would love to have Ari or a Dunkin rather.
But talking about it,
go to fucking see it.
I'm resonating at the parlor live.
I'm going to be resonating at the parlor
live in Seattle and I think that's in Bellevue.
But you can look up parlor,
live comedy on the Internet and I'm going to be performing there with Natasha
Leggiero.
So you should come to the,
I hear the fucking shit.
I really amazing.
Yeah.
I keep hearing awesome from comics to keep hearing that.
It's like the spot to go to like so many comics I know that have been there
every time.
Apparently it also has a pill,
a billiards hall next to it.
It's connected to a pool hall,
which to me is crack.
So I'll be all been there.
Yeah,
no,
because last time I did in Seattle,
I did a theater.
I did the more,
cause I'm kind of big time now,
but I would do it totally.
I would do that Paul or live man.
I keep hearing great things about it and I know every shot,
every time I look at the lineup.
There's great comics there,
but that's you.
This weekend I am at the Irvine Improv Fridays,
Saturday,
Sunday.
That's a this weekend and a w we have the ice house soon.
Brian Rocco,
I'm at the Ice House Thursday night.
You're at the icehouse tends to Arizona and I think you were at the ice house,
but I think maybe
your schedules all weird right now.
Schedule.
Oh,
icehouse Pasadena.
No,
I'm still there 22nd and the 23rd of July.
But this weekend at the Irvine Improv,
it is almost sold out.
Fridays almost sold out.
Saturday is almost sold out.
There's some tickets left for Sunday,
but they're going to sell out to probably,
especially if we keep talking about it.
So,
um,
that's a,
that's it for today.
Uh,
we want to thank Duncan Trussell because he's the fucking man and we always have
the coolest conversations and you always take it to places where,
you know,
I mean,
I,
I've had a million conversations with you,
but you're like the psychedelic Joey Diaz take things to a place where like,
wow,
this motherfucker's still has stories and all these times and talking,
you still have weird,
interesting shit to bring up.
We have the best conversations.
I love talking to you and,
and,
and you're the number one as far as like people asking for,
get someone back on the podcast,
your number one with a bullet by a long shot.
Well thanks you guys.
Thank you.
And the support,
drunk Dunkin drunken,
drunken,
drunken.
This should be your new character drunk and Trussell.
That's what you should do and should do a stage.
Is The comp drunk and trust me cause he always says trust me,
trust me.
And Duncan trussell's,
uh,
Twitter name,
there's a d,
u n c a n t,
U S T r U.
S.
E.
L.
So there's two s's and two L's and Trussell and a,
you can get Dunkin on Twitter or you can get him@duncantrussell.com but go see
him at the polar live within Tasha.
She's fucking hilarious as well.
It's a great show.
And like I said,
I heard that that place is awesome.
It's supposed to be a great club and uh,
that's it.
Jodie is with me at Irvine this weekend and we'll be back.
I don't think we're going to be doing one tomorrow.
I know,
I'm trying to organize something but Anthony Bourdain's coming up with a pause
cause George Soccer Laca lists,
whatever the fuck his name is from ancient aliens.
Who is cool as fuck.
Oh that's cool.
Yeah.
We got a dice clay in the mix.
We're trying to work getting him
it.
Ancient aliens is on a,
it's on the history channel.
No one's your show with him.
27th of July.
I'm so excited.
We hung out with him in Vegas.
We had a great conversation about aliens too.
We're going to put that on video.
As soon as Brian gets his lazy ass off his girlfriend's fucking couch.
The pieces that should together,
son Brian,
you going to do some time this weekend?
Can the fans look forward to seeing a Ryko invasion that the Irvine Improv?
Sure.
Doozy.
Astic bastard.
Fucking get this kid on Ritalin.
Juice them up with some Starbucks at the end of the show.
He's got nothing left.
Look at it.
Pick it up.
That was going to do another now,
right now I've gone to sleep yet tonight.
You know,
that's not what it is.
You had a rough night.
He had a rough night.
Alright.
Pods,
good for autism.
Uh,
Duncan trussell's the shit.
Those are our messages today.
We'll see you guys soon.
Thanks so much.
And we love you and we love the flashlight for sponsoring the Joe Rogan podcast.
If you go to fleshlight.com or if you've got to Joe rogan.net and click on the
link for the flashlight will take you to fleshlight.com and where you enter in
the code name Rogan,
you will now receive a massive discount on your new girlfriend.
So a scratch together those shekels and fire up your hog.
Shoot a load in that rubber girlfriend.
I will see you bitches soon.
Love you all.
Thank you very much.
Bye Bye.